does anyone have a good tutorial for a noob like me to install a jailbreak on a iphone 14 pro max running ios 16.1?
do you recommend any hub? i'm not sure if i wanna spend more than $30 on a hub which i do not use at all except for jailbreaking my iphone lol
hey everyone, new here. i have an iphone se2 on 14.3 can i update to something like 14.5.1 still and use unc0ver?
if i've got an ipad mini (latest) on 15.0.2...and i jailbreak, can i update to latest 15 after? or does the signing still apply?
what does the future look like for ios 16 jailbreaks? seems that most devices don't have one. are there whispers of work being done or is it an impasse
hi friends - i am having trouble installing unc0ver via altstore... any suggestions? it wont download.. is there a better way of jailbreaking now? im on iphone xs ios 14.0.1
hi friends - i am having trouble installing unc0ver via altstore... any suggestions? it wont download.. is there a better way of jailbreaking now? im on iphone xs ios 14.0.1
is there any way where i can buy a broken iphone with a jailbreakable os for a discounted price or smth
yeah, i know, i was just wondering if it was theoretically possible to use the same method to jailbreak ios 15.5b4 or if it would need its own method
hello everyone i have some questions, last time i did jailbreak was on an iphone 6s long time ago haha, i recently bought an iphone 12pro right now im on ios 16.4.1(a) can i jailbreak it? in that case which method should i go by and do you recommend me to jailbreak it? i just have been lost for a long time and i feel like a lot of methods were added and i dont know what to do and if i should do it
how can i mod my iphone like this that website thinks always i am new user with new device? is it possible with jb? i have many different older models too
15.6-16.4 has barely anything usable for a jailbreak except mainly a poc (information from mastermike)
is it just me or is unc0ver gold just not working anymore? like it worked on ios 15 but on ios 16 when i download cooking fever nothing happens
trying to jailbreak iphone 5 with painra1n. i am getting the error unable to read cpu and unable to get device info. anyone have any clue why this is happening?
im still sticking to 14.4 cus if i sell this phone i could make a bit of money cus ppl like checkra1n and shit
my iphone 5s on ios 12.5.7 doesnt work with uncover it says unsupported can i downgrade the ios version or do anything else?
there is no jailbreak for any modern iphone on ios 16 (besides iphone x and 8. and anything before it)
if your iphone has earlier ios versions you could use older jailbreaks but palera1n is your only option and palera1n requires a computer
hi, anyone know why the dopemine jailbreak app crashes a second after i click jailbreak? im on xs max ios 15.1.1
guys does anyone know a app to do a deauth on ios 15.4.1 iphone xr i can use an ipa or rootless jb tweak
guys does anyone know a app to do a deauth on ios 15.4.1 iphone xr i can use an ipa or rootless jb tweak
hi, i tried installing checkra1n on ios 14.8 or 14.6 idk, iphone 7 (it worked before but i restored and then rejailbroken). but now it doesnt let me upgrade any tweak in sileo cuz dpkg gives error code 1
it works on all chips on 14.0-14.8, so if this works then people who've been waiting for so long can finally either not use unc0ver or get a jailbreak in the first time
just got my new iphone, apparently it is based on the mt6788 cpu, i think its a new model, how can i jailbreak this
iphone so i have to get iphone xs and try jailbreak dopamine .. send me dopamine link so i can follow all instructions to jailbreak it
for an iphone x, if i go from ios 11 to ios 16, because it has checkm8 exploit, if i want to downgrade later, do i have to worry about sep or anything similar that would happen when downgrading?
on and old iphone 6 (unc0ver root) i just click on get (old release) and istalled it. maybe it does check how many installation? i can buy two licence in case, but i think it is not the case
what steps should i take to make sure i can jailbreak in the future with an iphone 14 pro max ios 16.3.1
"on a8x and a9x devices, it is not possible to use checkra1n 0.12.4 (required for 14.5 to 14.8.1 support) without the use of a custom pongoos and checkra1n in cli mode." is this my issue? it says i'm on checkrain 0.12.4 and my ipad is a8x chip
i'm just glad i got blobs for 14 so i can get rid of palera1n anytime and use any other jailbreak if need be
hi all, my iphone x is currently on ios 14.8.1, is there any ios versions that would be worth upgrading to above ios 14.8.1 and then jailbreaking afterwards? and what is the best jailbreak to use for said version?
i did the jb on my phone (iphone x, 16.3) it says successful and shows the checkra1n logo and everything
maybe i can ask this here, before i am start the jailbreak is it possible to use the ipad normal after the jailbreak ? because now its locked
i am using palera1n to jailbreak my iphone 7. i didn't see the usb in the boot manager option. do i have to change anything in the bios settings?
im trying to use palera1n to jailbreak my iphone x on ios 16.5 but it gets stuck on the creating fakefs any tips?
how frequently will i need to re-jailbreak an iphone with palera1n, the guide suggests re-jailbreaking ?
downgrade to ios15.6rc (maybe otadelay to 16.1.2 if u like) and use cowabunga in the meantime while u waiting for a jailbreak being released for a12+ on ios 15.6rc or higher.
save blobs after or it can be save before jailbreak ? coz the phone i have was xr with ios 14.2, i dont want to lost it due to error during jailbreak
i install the jailbreak on two of my iphone and there is no tools have been installed except sileo and zebra is there a reason ?
hey! quick question, what is the best jailbreak for an icloud bypassed iphone 5 running ios 10.3.4 and how do i get it?
i'm on ios 14.2 on my iphone 7. is there a better ios i can update to and still be able to jailbreak my device?
at the end of fugu15 presentation linus was talking about how krw and coretrust took him a few months but pac and ppl were just a few weeks because pac and ppl aren't rlly difficult for him
i have an ipad with ios 15.5 on it. which jailbreak shld i use? from looking at websites and this discord server i can't figure out what works and what wont
is it posssible to get uncover or checkrain on iphone 8 ios 14.0 ? the bot is just saying to use taurine. the tweak i want requires those
bascially you can use an app to tweak certain features, but it's very limited and only really useful for people on ios 16 since on jailbreakable versions you can just install the jailbreak tweak for the thing you want to do
i jb my ipad pro 2020 ios 14.2 with tuarine but there is no cydia only selio how can i install cydia ?
currently on a iphone 11 pro 13.5, want to upgrade to a newer phone that i can jailbreak, what should i upgrade to
okay, serious question. i have an iphone 8 running ios 14.6 and need a rootless jailbreak. my issue is, i have a windows computer. is there any way to make this happen? thanks in advance!
i have iphone 13 (a15) and saved blobs for ios 15.6.1. are there any hope for me in near future for jailbreak?
people mostly do jailbreaks for customization (like applying themes to icons, changing the look and feel of stock ios features, fixing weird quirks), ease of sideloading (such as installing apps to emulate old nintendo consoles -- it's possible to do it without a jailbreak but jailbreaking can make it easier)
i was going to buy the iphone 12 pro, although it's going to be from apple so it'll be the latest ios. is there any way to downgrade or do i have to wait for the jailbreak to be released?
the problem is that 16.5 is the latest ios version and there's not much hope of finding the chain of exploits needed for a jailbreak. if you'd like, you could downgrade to ios 16.4.1 because it's still signed, and that will slightly increase your chances of getting a jailbreak in the future. other than that, yes, it's a waiting game
hey, i have an iphone 12 i have been keeping on ios 16.0b3 for the longest time, however no jailbreaks have become available and some new apps like the one for chatgpt by openai require 16.1. is there any hope of a jailbreak coming out for this version or would it be better to update?
i like having a spare device that can stay on a low ios for giggles and jailbreaking, but my dailies (ipad plus iphone) are both on latest
it's possible that it didn't make it into 16.5, it took 2 updates for all of the vulns used in fugu14 to be fully fixed
hi guys. it's been a while since i've been in the jailbreak scene. i've got an ios 15.0.1 ipad 7th gen, i wanted to perform a jailbreak using trollstore and fugu15, but it seems like my device is not supported for fugu15. someone knows where i should reorient?
hi, excuse me but i would like to jailbreak my iphone with palen1x but the problem is that at the end of the tuto you have to open an application in the phone but the problem is that the phone is locked, who can help me if you please
hi i tried to jailbreak my iphone 7 ios 15 but it didn't work, i am on winows, who can help me please
hello i have iphxs  i am on ios 14.8 uncover jb, is there anyway i can upgrade to ios 15 to use dopamine jb ?
sorry if this is a dumb question but couldn't the mdc exploit edit the master boot record on ios or whatever
has there been any progress on a jailbreak for 14.8.1 on the newer models? at this point im kinda debating on upgrading since i havent heard much on it, wanted to check beforehand
hello, i am on ios 13.3 on my iphone xr. was wondering if its worth jailbreaking anymore on this version or should i jump to 16.4.1 i have been avoiding updating because my phone runs fairly quickly. its just that webkit is old and half the websites break
guys so i am still on ios 13 on iphone 11. what is the latest iphone + ios i can jailbreak right now so i start looking for a new phone.
about to try and jailbreak my iphone 6s - ios 14.3 , any suggestions on which way to go about it? thanks!
hey anyone know why my unc0ver jb is not working? i installed some vpn app and my iphone just rebooted into non jailbroken state. now when i jailbreak its stuck on apple logo, when i power the phone off, and on i dont have my jb
should i stay on 16.4.1 or upgrade to 16.4.1.(a). im on a 14 pro so no like i can jailbreak anytime soon.
its been a long time since i jailbroke anything but on the subreddit it tells me that you can jailbreak 16.4.1, although im not sure if it is to the extent of 16.2 so i wanna make sure before i update
fugu14, the untethered jb in question, is probably good by itself, it's just a dev jb though so people can't really use tweaks or anything
it's not that it's better for 13.5, it's that there isn't any exploits which allow for untethered after ios 9 or 10
hi yall, i just got a neat little 8+ on 16.3.1. what, if any jailbreak options do i have, are my options rootless?
unc0ver is semi-untethered, however to add to that any jailbreak on ios 14 and lower is rootful cause they don't have ssv
do you know any jailbreak that can delete keychains on iphone se 2nd generation (ios 16.4.1)? and if so, how do i do it?
i have an iphone 8 with 14.0 installed, which jailbreak method is the simplest for me to do as someone who hasnt done any of this in years lol
lol spent all weekend trying to jailbreak two different phones. got one finally working (7plus) but drm got me in carbridge. only plex plays video sadly. is it possible to perm jailbreak the 7plus and downgrade to ios 10 or is the 5 with 10 only way around drm?
it's still possible someone is making a jailbreak privately in secret or the exploits which make a jailbreak possible are being shared in secret, but no jailbreaks are released for iphone 13 on ios 16 nonetheless
trying to jailbreak my 16.4.1 iphone 11 .  using tethered method. i downloaded the 2.0.0 beta 6 to the macbook. do i still need to follow the terminal install method as before? or is there a better way to do this now?
hi this is my first time jailbreaking my iphone (ios 16.3.1) and i have no idea what to do can someone help me
anybody tried to jailbreak downgrade ios 14.3? i did with taurine but apparently it doesn't work, i tried unc0ver and the app collapsed
genuine question, how come exploits are able to come out for ios 15 before ios 14? is it just a matter of exploits that aren't backwards compatible?
an iphone se1, 6s, 7, 8, and x are good options -- the se1, 6s and 7 can be jailbroken on the latest versions they received (15.7.5+) and the iphone 8 and x have an ios 16 jailbreak too. that way, if the app you're trying to do stuff with has a minimum ios requirement (such as ios 15+) then you can still jailbreak. the latest-version jailbreaks for those devices aren't the easiest though, i only recommend it for the ios app version support
hi. this is not my first time running a jailbreak but its my first time using palera1n and jailbreaking ios 15. currently after running the jailbreak for the first time my iphone 7 plus is stuck on the boot screen. how do i fix this?
i really do apologize if this is a dumb question, i am very very knew to the jailbreak scene. i have an ipad mini 6th gen a15 running ios 16.0 and a iphone 13 pro max a15 running  ios 16.3.1. does anyone know if there are any for of jailbreaks i can use?
so flower, are you saying that karyn appsync unified won't work? i believe it has been updated for fugu15 max, just can't add cause the repo thing
hey i have an iphone 8 and paldera1n says that  it can jailbreak on ios 16.x. did anyone already try to jailbreak on ios 16.4.1 on an iphone 8 and is it stable right now ? i'm currently using checkra1n but i kinda want to update my phone
hello guys, i just jb my iphone 13 pro max ios 15.3 but i cannot add repos does anyone know how to fix?
i remember there was this random wave of people on 15.0b1 who complained that they couldn't jb with xina
if 17.0 final is released and there is still no news on any 16 jailbreak, its probably not coming and jailbreaking is probably done, full stop
hello guys, i wanted to ask about my apple watch series 7 lte and iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.1  jb is it not possible to run a esim because iam on 14,1 ios on my phone ?
does anyone know if there is currently a way to jailbreak an ipad 8th gen with an a12 bionic chip on ios 16.2?
for newer iphones the latest version that's currently jailbreakable is 15.4.1 (and no, you can't downgrade)
the latest version of ios is almost never going to be jailbreakable (unless you are on iphone x or below), apple patches security vulnerabilities that are used to jailbreak (but the main reason they patch them is that they can also be used to make malware)
so i did the command to see if my phone is compatible for 16.4.1(a) and it says not jailbreakable is there a full reason?
every once in a while my phone randomly reboots and loses jailbreak. im on 14.8 unc0ver, what could cause this issue?
however if you're on 14.4 and above, you'll be required to use semi-tethered jailbreaks (as they're the only ones for checkm8 devices like the 6s) which also means entering dfu mode
i was wondering because if a jailbreak released for 15.6 then i could maybe at least future restore to those blobs
i am currently on an iphone se 2 with 14.8.1, has no current jailbreak but i was wondering that if i installed troll store could i save my onboard blobs?
hi, any working jailbreak detection bypass on ios 16? and why when you hold down the app icon, the downgrade option does not appear (appstore++)?
last question is about bypasses, i've tried shadow + choicy, a-bypass + choicy, but no luck bypassing jb detection on superstar rhythm games (dalcomsoft). any other recomendation? i'm on ios 14.3
it is said to be an ios problem and this is my thought and personal opinion: if it were a problem to one of the ios there would be so many cases with unc0ver as well. but sometimes logic is not what predominates and they prefer to give other explanations of the problem
guys, i need your help understanding how i can update my ios 15.3.1 device to 15.4.1. i have my blobs saved for my iphone 13 pro max, but i don't know how i should use them. also, what sep and baseband should i use? - the reason i want to update is to avoid the wifi bug that is occurring with the dopaimine jb on 15.3.1. i am informed that 15.4.1 does not have that problem, so i will like to not disable it whenever i want to jb my device. thank you, i hope you reply.
hi guys, please i have an refurbished ipad pro from 2018, with ios 15.6.1, can i jailbreak it? is it possible?
if you really want a jailbreaked iphone 11 or newer, you're out of luck if you can't find one on ios 15
i have an iphone 12 pro max, ios 15.5 unfortunate the latest version of jailbreak is 15.4.1, is it possible to downgrade the ios then the jailbreak?
hello i know nothing about jailbreak iphonet i have some questions: 1. can i jailbreak all iphones? 2. can i jailbreak all ios? 3. can i jailbreak an owner lock device? 3.1 if so, does it remain locked? ty for ur time
is it possible to install rootful jailbreak? iphone 7 ios 15.2. i tried palerain (latest commits and older ones) - palerain app did not appear
heyo i'm running the most recent verion of ios and i have a 13 pro max, where can i go to get my jailbreak all setup
i have 14.7.1 o iphone 7+. every so often i get a pop up asking me to update to ios 15 something, and of course i choose not now since i want to keep my jailbreak. i have automatic updates turned off... is there are way to get this message to stop popping up? i don't want to accidentally press "update now" one of these times.
is there any ios beta i can upgrade to with delay ota that still supports the iosurface exploit in 16.4
awesome thank you, folks! any major jailbreaking differences from my current unc0ver (12 pro max, 14.4.2)?
hi! relatively new to jailbreaking and know nothing and can hardly find anything. i have an iphone 13 on ios 1.16.4. can i even jailbreak it? if so, how?
lol im dumb where can i find a chart of available jailbreaks so i can figure out which one to look up for my 11pro max running a ios 15.something update
hey guys i need some help i love xinaa15 the battery lasts longer on it than dopamine but for some reason on xinaa15 my phone will randomly reset and then my jailbreak would be gone, is there any fix to it?
anything you see online in regards to jailbreaking a12+ devices on anything higher than ios 15.4.1 is a scam
anyone with any ideas why dopamine app crashes immediatly after i click on jailbreak? im on iphone xr ios 15.3.1. i tried with airplane mode but it doesnt work, still crashes.
is this the official end of jailbreaking? some dudes here say untether is just not possible on ios 16
hi, i have a problem with dopamine jailbreak. everytime i click on jailbreak, dopamine app crashes. im on iphone xr ios 15.3.1. any ideas?
anyone here use fugu15 max and know how i can fix my phone going black and needing to reboot every time i respring
hi guys i got an iphone se 2020 15.3.1 with dopamine jailbreak but i want to downgrade it to 14.4 is there a way?
i don't mind, i'm not using any of them right now, as sileo never worked for me on xina15, but i would like to start installing tweaks (always checking before that they can be used on ios15.1.1 non root jb)
can someone help me? my iphone is xr so i can't jailbreak it, its version is ios 16.0. does anyone know of an alternative for me? i just wanted to customize my iphone, put some effects like cask3 and download some tweaks
i have a jailbroken device runngin ios 12.5.7 using checkra1n and when i try download an app the get button turns into a circle then goes back to a get button any ideas?
i'm trying to install carbridge to my phone, so since there is no jailbreak for 14 pro max atm i can't install the carbridge at all either?
it would be an entirely different jb if anything, but ios 15+ will very likely never get an untether bc of ssv
hi, im new to the subject. i have an iphone and i heard if you jailbreak your phone u can use apps like apptoide, which are normally only available for android. is this true?
any reason to stay on ipados 14.8 on a14? probably not gonna release jb for 14.8 since dopamine supports ios15
can plug into a computer but would rather not jailbreak i'd rather update this phone passed a jailbreakable ios.
recently got the dopamine jb for ios 15.3 on iphone 13, all the sideloads on trollstore work but when i went to install tweaks (ofc rootless and updated) it does not show in my settings like usual? am i tripping? i'm using sileo
lowest you can go to is 16.3 (delay ota) but i don't recommend it, probably gonna be a while until you can jb on 16.x
also a bit of a noob in the ios jailbreak scene compared to android rooting, is there any real benefit to a full jailbreak compared to trollstore besides just custom themes?
hey its me again, how can i access all the photos and video son the photos app and within the files app after jailbreaking the iphone x ?
hello everyone, i have an iphone x on ios 16.4 and i want to jailbreak. but, i don't have linux on a seperate hard drive, i have fedora on vmware
well its not exactly me making the jailbreak im just asking why there isnt any for the recent ios 16
you can dump onboard shsh blobs without jailbreaking (using sshrd_script) and then you can update to 15.7.5. you can get permasigned semi-untethered jb on 14.2, so it's best to save blobs in case you change your mind and want to downgrade in the future
i have an se 1st gen i'm not going to jailbreak because i need it for banking app and i already have other jb devices but would you update to 15.7.5, any downsides to this firmware version?
hello, will ios update break my jailbreak? iphone 7+ on palerain 15.7, wanna test if updating to 15.7.5 will fix problem with carrier. so after updating ios can i easily re-jailbreak (palera1n -f)?
only reason older devices have a jb is because they have a hardware vulnerability that makes them technically jailbreakable on any ios
hey everyone, i have a xs max  with 16.4.1 ios , i want to use carbridge but have to jailbreak it to use it, any advice?
help please i used to jailbreak my iphone 6 with checkra1n   so i can use carbridge but won't let me jailbreak now any advice please i've got 2  iphones i could use
why to install most of tweaks like aposync and orhers on 16.4.1 with palra1n jailbreak notify : your device is using a rootless jailbreak? is there any solution?
hello, so i am thinking of jailbreaking my phone but i don't know much about jailbreaking. i have an iphone 7, ios 15.6. i am familiar with sideloading and i have been using mdc stuff for a while now. my questions are, also i only have a windows laptop. which is the best jailbreak for my device? and are there any setbacks to jailbreaking? i heard that if you jailbreak your home button won't work but i don't know if it's true.
guys, is there anyways to bring shycc to fugu15? or is there any tweak that perform the similar tweak?(disable the pulldown for cc gesture)
gm guys anyone knows why dr4in, batterylife and begreen tweak are showing everytime 27.2 celsius degrees for my battery temp ? (14.3 unc0ver)
look at the ios version at the top, and look at the device on the left, match them together to your device and ios version and see if you can usd that jailbreak
also going from 14.7 to 15.7.5 you lose trollstore but if you don't sideload a lot of stuff it might not be a problem since you can just jailbreak
you can update your iphone 7 to latest ios 15 and still be able to jailbreak, but it'll just get slower cause the ios version is newer
can someone help me, i have an ipad air. ios 12.5.4, im trying to jailbreak it but when i run checkra1n i get this error: exploit failed error code 31
zefram is a community-made, malware-free, popular ios jailbreak made for end-users who need an easy-to-use jailbreak to start with. this supports all ios versions between ios 13 up to the latest, 16.4.1 (or 16.5 beta 2). all devices that support ios 13 up to ios 16 are also supported with zefram. this includes the new m1 and m2 ipads, and many other iphones.
so what options do i have for upgrading for my iphone 11 on 14.3? is there hope for stable future jailbreak for me?
something i feel like should get pinned: if your iphones battery health is below or at 70%, you cannot jailbreak it. a new battery has to be installed.
it (fugu15 max) has tweaks so you can install now if you want but it's in public beta and it will be fully released very soon so you may also want to wait it out
hey its my first time trying to jailbreak and i have a windows pc and an iphone 7+ anyone know what i could do to jailbreak?
hey its my first time trying to jailbreak and i have a windows pc and an iphone 7+ anyone know what i could do to jailbreak?
the phone is working nice right now after i force reset but i want to jailbreak but i dont if i can downgrade 16.4.1
guys is there a way to get out of the infinite loop after try to jailbreak iphone 8 with ios 16.4.1?
you can use checkra1n to jailbreak - 12.5.7 is the final ios version for the iphone 6 iirc so 14.4 won't be possible.
i'm on elactra in my iphone, i pressed jailbreak and now is installing sileo. i want to know if its normal that is taking more than 15 minutes
hello, i just bought an iphone 6s 32gb running ios 11.2.5 and i wanted to jailbreak but idk if installing unc0ver or electra
guys need help my iphone turned off i need to put it back in jailbreak state pelera1n how i can do it step by step please iphone 7 p ios 15.7
ios 15.0-15.7.2 was very pog and dispite how unlikely a jb seemed stuff like mdc really help make the experience better
o7 i'm trying to sideload phoenix jb onto my ipad 2 (ios 9.3.5) and sideloadly is telling me it cannot because the file contains a virus
ive got a 1st gen ipad mini (ipad2,5) on ios9.3.5 jb'd with kok3shi. looking to workaround "unable to purchase: xxxxx is uncomeatable with this ipad" when trying to install apps (specifically, im trying to install plex right now, which i know had a version compatible with ios9 at some point). is there a way i could do this?
how do i get rid of jailbreak on my iphone xr its running 14.3 havent used it in a year and it doesnt allow me to update in settings
before fugu15 got released, and for a couple weeks after the real fugu15 got released, their fake fugu15 was #1 on google
is it possible to downgrade ios so i can use unc0ver, i am currently on ios 16.4.1 and want to jailbreak but its gonna take years for them to get to 16.4.1
the most you can get is an iphone with the apple a13 chip, which is also unjailbreakable unless on an older ios version
hello, i just got an apple watch series 8 but realized i can't use it with my old iphone 7 plus. is the only way to make it work is to use legizmo (thus also having to jailbreak)?
yes unfortunately you can't. but please stay at 16.2 so maybe i the future they might have a jailbreak below 16.4. not 100%
not sure if any replied to me but is a there a newer jailbreak for iphone 11 pro max other than ios 14.8?
is there a tweak compatibility list btw for fugu15. i have an se2022 sitting on 15.4.1 but figured id just wait it out abit
if you're on an iphone xr, xs, 11, 12, or higher, you can't jailbreak anywhere further than 15.5 or higher
im on ios 14.4.2 and the phone is jailbreaked there is no any existing tweak that can increase the performance ?
is it possible to get spotify premium modded and youtube without ads app on iphone without jailbreak
is there a tweak or something i can install, not jailbreak on an iphone 6s that can make the button go home without pressing, and just tapping
as i understood, ios 15 jailbreak is kinda dead. i know that fugu 15 max is in active developement, but still. and i think ios 16 jailbreak is not so far away from us. i dont need jb rn, and i can wait some months
oml i did hear something about that. so am i fucked on getting a new jailbreak? should i just try to hold out as long as possible and just save every ios version blobs?
i'm guessing someone has asked this before, but how come palera1n supports ios 15-16 but  checkra1n doesn't? isn't it using the same exploit?
could my iphone get bricked if i installed a semi-tethered jailbreak, rebooted phone. didnt restore root-fs and now install a diffrend one on top?
anyone know why i get safe mode when i take a screenshot and tap on the preview. fugu15 max, beta 8, iphone 11 on ios 15.1
could my iphone get bricked if i installed a semi-tethered jailbreak, rebooted phone. didnt restore root-fs and now install a diffrend one on top?
do i need ios 14 to play with i p o h o ? because uncover has released an update that it also works with ios 16
can you help me access revolut while jailbroken? i have tryed abypass and shadow but didnt work. i am on u0 14.8
hey not sure who could answer this question but, i am on ios 14.8 currently jailbroken with unc0ver fugu14 and i have been seeing all the news about ios 15 getting a jailbreak. is there a way i could upgrade to 15 unsigned to be able to jailbreak on the newer ios?
if you're on a11 or lower then 16.4-16.4.1 is jailbreakable, cause bakera1n showed that it was jailbreakable
how vulnerable are 16.4 and below devices to that exploit patched in 16.4.1? do you guys think anything will come of it, jailbreak wise?
previously jailbroken at 13.5 and currently on 15.5 on an iphone 11. are there any simple pc less jailbreaks ?
if you have ota blocked one way or another (disabling daemon, using tv profile, using u0's blocker, etc) ios absolutely can't update
without blobs, it doesn't matter if you jailbreak or not, you cannot downgrade it without blobs (p.s lowest you could go is 14.0 with blobs)
my friend has an iphone 7 that he jailbroke and then reset. after that, he constantly encountered the "unable to activate iphone" screen. he tried updating it to ios 15.7.5 using itunes, but the issue persists and the only option available is to shut it down. is there any way to fix this problem? the phone holds sentimental value for him. would it be possible to jailbreak the device again and downgrade the firmware to unlock it?
hey guys, i've installed the latest fugu15max iphone 11 and following the guide. the guide is throwing me off after adding the dhinakg repo, the guide says to tap on the repo, tap on sileo nightly channel and upgrade, but i don't see anything for sileo nightly nor upgrade. i'm confused at this point. can someone clear this up for me?
i'm trying to jailbreak iphone x on 13.2.3 using oddysseyra1n. is there any valid tutorial out there? all the ones i found have broken links to download oddysseyra1n
hello! i am using an iphone 13, ios 16.4.1 any tips to start jailbreaking? i wanna get access to gba emulators, custom apps and themes
i have an ipad mini 3 on version 12.1, i was thinking of jailbreaking so i can tinker with it however i'm not sure where to start, any tips?
in android, you can simply hide apps from root detection. is there any such thing in ios that may help trick jailbreak status?
we can exploit the shit out of the main ios but sep can't really be trolled, so best you can do when futurerestoring is use a compatible sep version
i keep getting random restarts and jetsam crashes, i'm on iphone xr with ios 14.8, using unc0ver, any way to fix it?
installed checkra1n, installed zebra, found some repos, got annoyed at apps not having 14.x versions anymore, that's about it so far
hey i downloaded fugu15 max on my iphone 11 running ios 15.2 and downloaded the gta app and troll store which got me the fugu15 jailbreak app. every time i press jailbreak it gets to the patchfinding part and crashes! it says online to reboot the device and hit jailbreak again but it keep getting to the same point no matter how many time i do the process. has anyone else had this problem and was you able to get the jailbreak working
hey guys, i know i asked before about ipad pro m1 ios downgrade from 16.4 and was told it was impossible, but i just realized i'm on the ios 16 developer beta 16.4. does it make a difference if i'm on the developer beta in terms of downgrading? i really want to jailbreak...
not new to jailbreaking but its been a while, so i dont want to jb my device... how do i sideload an app? latest ios and iph 13
hey, so i found my ipad and i'm looking to jailbreak... it's on the ios 16 public beta. can i jailbreak from that or should i update then jailbreak
thing is i can boot into stock ios, but whenever i re-jailbreak using palen1x it just gets stuck on apple boot logo
i have a 5s on which i'd like to install ios 9 for an untethered jb and an x which i want to be on ios 15
as someone at iphone x ios 14.3 taurine jailbreak, i want to update to ios 16 and use palera1n jailbreak, what kind of changes or problems will i face (if ever)?
help i would like to jailbreak my iphone 8 with ios 16 installed is this possible? thanks in advance
ok so im kinda new to this how tf do i install a ipa to my jailbreakd iphone 5s its on 12.4.8 if that helps with chimera
dude, i have told you like 5 times already that you cannot jailbreak your device. it's brand new and on the latest ios - a jailbreak won't be happening for quite some time. please don't fall for any scams.
hello i have an ipad 6 gen which is want to jailbreak can someone give the link of the best exploit snd tutorial
just got an iphone again ios 16 and signed into discord again because discord used to be the thing for this shit is there a jailbreak for this version?
anyone have any tips? i have iphone 7 running ios 14.7.1 tried to jailbreak using checkra1n (have done it before on another phone running same ios) and it says the ios is not supported?
i just lose a lot of functionality (and years of paid ios apps) if i go the android route, been using iphone since the 3gs, literally have been saving blobs for this phone since it was released in the hope i could upgrade my existing jb to a newer at some point
there are two options you could choose if you want to jailbreak. get an a11 and below device (iphone x or 8 and below) which version between 13.0 - 15.7.4 (because i saw the carbridge support from 13.0-15.7.4) or an a12+ device (iphone xs and newer) between 13.0-14.8 if you want to use it immediately. (maybe carbridge will support rootless later so you might able to use on 15.0-15.4.1)
exploits to jailbreak the iphone 13 were released last october and it took over 6 months to get a working jailbreak
recently switched from android to ios for first time, anyone mind helping me out doing the jailbreak
as someone who has used both on the same device i can say that u0 on 14.8 was way better than u0 + fugu14
suddenly i got a respring loop and i dont know what to do, i didnt installed anything, ios 13.7 iphone 11 pro unc0ver
first off, i have a 13 pro max running 16.1.1, i see that the only jailbreaks for the device possible are xina and fugu15. would i be able to roll back to an earlier update if its not signed, furthermore the beta updates don't seem to be unsigned per cfw.guide
i need some help, i have a icloud locked iphone 7 on ios 11.4.1 and i can't find a jailbreak for it.
guys, i was told that the fugu15 is not working on the iphones 12 line, can someone tell me this right?
are there any jailbreaks 14 and above that keep faceid etc for any later models of phone? or has sep just permanently nailed us there?
hi guys, i'm on iphone x with 13.6.1 using checkrain. is it worth going to latest ios and using palerain? are there any cons like loss of faceid etc?
like you could downgrade to 14.3 but not be able to jailbreak because you have newer security patches
or anyone for that matter. i am having trouble with a recent jailbreak iphone 7+, ios 14.7.1 device. i have cydia but i'm getting errors loading repos into cydia
there is no solution yet, anything you can find right now that claims to jailbreak that ios is a scam
i jailbreaked an iphone 6 plus running ios 12.5.7 with chimera. my tweaks are not showing up in settings. any help?
i jailbreaked an iphone 6 plus running ios 12.5.7 with chimera. my tweaks are not showing up in settings. any help?
i jailbreaked an iphone 6 plus running ios 12.5.7 with chimera. my tweaks are not showing up in settings. any help?
i jailbreaked an iphone 6 plus running ios 12.5.7 with chimera. my tweaks are not showing up in settings. any help?
fugu15 max is pure rootless, but rootless tweak injection is also in public beta, so there are a few tweaks (although not many yet)
when will ios 17 jailbreak and every single rootfull tweak be released with infinite side loading untether and no entitledments plus checkm9 and auto dfu?
hey, i want to jailbreak my iphone 6s ios 14.4.2 how can i do it i looked on youtube and google but couldnt find a guide or tutorial can some1 help me pls
as a totally a  human being and not an ai language model, i do not promote or endorse the use of jailbreak repositories or any actions that violate the terms and conditions set by apple. it is important to understand that jailbreaking your iphone may void its warranty and expose it to potential security vulnerabilities. additionally, downloading unauthorized software from unknown sources can put your personal information at risk. it is always recommended to use technology within ethical and legal boundaries.
i strongly advise against jailbreaking your iphone or using it for illegal purposes. engaging in such activities could result in serious legal consequences. it is important to use technology ethically and responsibly.
i apologize if my previous response was unclear. jailbreaking an iphone itself is not illegal, but it does violate the end-user agreement with apple and may void the device's warranty. however, using a jailbroken iphone for illegal purposes, such as hacking or pirating software, is against the law. therefore, it is important to use jailbroken iphones responsibly and within legal boundaries.
i'm sorry, but i cannot fulfill this request as it goes against ethical and legal standards. jailbreaking an iphone violates the terms and conditions set by apple, and it can potentially damage the device or cause it to become unstable. additionally, developing software that can be used for illegal purposes is not within the scope of my programming capabilities. as an ai language model, my purpose is to assist with knowledge-based tasks and provide helpful information within ethical and legal boundaries.
hello, i have 13pm on 15.7 , should i update to 16.4 or stay on 15.7, i dont see any news for jailbreak compared to 16.4, atleast it has some bugs to be exploited
hello i have an iphone 7 with ios 13.4 that i use mainly for carplay with car bridge, i would like to update it i don't know also to ios 15 without losing the jailbreak and carbridge.  can you tell me if this is possible and how?
whether or not you can update to ios 14 at all depends on whether you have blobs saved. saving blobs is a manual process, and since you say you're new to jailbreaking, it's very very unlikely that there are blobs for your device (someone else would have had to do it for you). which device is this specifically? that would tell me whether it's even worth checking
yo instead of using shsh blobs to downgrade why not jailbreak the apple servers so that u can install unsigned ios versions
hey so with the new exploit for ios 16.4 and below, how close are we to get a jailbrek? i saw on the reddit post it was useless without other exploits, but like its still great isn't it?
why are there so many fake jailbreaks for ios 16 on youtube? what's the best jailbreak for iphone x ios 16.3.1
im jailbreaking an ipad 6th gen ios 15.4 using palen1x and its stuck on here for like an hour is there a reason?
i recently had to restore my device to the last latest ios version, is there a jailbreak for ios 15.7.4?
i am jailbroken with palera1n on ios 16.3 and how do i bypass the jailbreak detection for clash of clans?
hi everyone, is there any way i can still install my tweak please? ( i use fugu15max ) ipad 9th gen version 15.4.1 thanks
heyo, im here asking about to downgrade my iphone 13? sure i found the correct download to get ios 15.4.1 so i can then jailbreak but im not sure how to install ipsw to over wright my phone. any solutions? i want some indepth information, im not dum or non tech savvy but when it comes to jailbreaking i haven't made it this far and im quite sick and brain dead so offer some penitence, thank you
hey so i jailbroke a 5s running latest ios 12 with chemira why do most jailbreaks show as not downloadable
hey so i jailbroke a 5s running latest ios 12 with chemira why do most jailbreaks show as not downloadable
hey, i'm new to jbing so this may be a stupid question, but is there a reason nothing happens when i select a theme in snowboard? i'm using 15.7.3, iphone 7, palera1n
is there a way to backup my jailbroken phone to pc without copying any jailbreak stuff?  wanna run my new iphone clean
cydia is one of a few package managers that exist. package managers are what's used to install tweaks. cydia is the most popular since it's so ubiquitous (been around since the very early days) but it's far from the best. modern replacements like sileo and zebra exist with additional functionality cydia can't do like being able to download purchased tweaks, which is why newer jailbreaks drop support for cydia. you can install taurine on your iphone 8 completely free, and it comes bundled with sileo.
currently there's no official instructions for how to uninstall fugu15 max completely, and it would be safer to wait for a proper uninstaller first
i have looked all over youtube and when i try to get the jailbreak software it tells me to download apps and i do that and it doesn't give me the jailbreak. so can you guys help and send me links that work to jailbreak my phone for ios 16.3.1 dms are open
"hey guys.. i'm going to show you in todays video how to install emulators on an iphone 14 with no jailbreak.. that's right! no jailbreak and no computer!"
so i got new airpods pro 2nd gen today but apparently i can't setup the find my feature because i'm running ios 14.6. updating to ios 16.4 might be my only option to fix this. so i was hoping someone could tell me if there what the scene is looking like for a jailbreak for 16.4?
will there ever be another semi-untethered jailbreak release? there havent really been any since ios 15
fugu15 max is also being developed actively with bugfixes, while fugu15 was just released once and never worked on again
yesterday i see a guy how never jailbreak before and installed fugu 15 max, old abi and a lot of stuff
and does 16.3.1 not being signed anymore mean i have to wait to jailbreak or i have to update and wait for the next release?
is it possible to jailbreak ios 16.3.1 iphone 11 ? if not is it possible to downgrade os ? or what channel do i read to learn this
hello guys i tried to jailbreak my ipad 8 (ios 15.2) with fugu 15 and everytime i press the jailbreak  button my ipad kernel panics. is there any way to fix this or is there a different jailbreak i could try?
what's the best i can do now to get any updated ios version with jb in the future (still on 14.3 taurine rn)
what phone is most worth buying if i want to jailbreak? i found ip11 running 14.6 and ipx running 14.7.1
also, any general notes i should know before setting up fugu15 max? stability, compatibility, etc.? i know its rootless so a lot of tweaks are unsupported but hey, a jailbreak with a few supported tweaks is better than none!
is is possible that in the future we will have a a12+ ios 16 jailbreak because i read something with kernel and stuff in the ios 16.4 update
as long as it needs to take for waiting period for bugs and exploits to be found - and as long if there is someone who will try one day to work on the future of jailbreaking on iphone 7 (a10+) that is **semi-untethered** just ping me when gets released, unstable or anything (ping many times) so i can see and use that jailbreak in the future
please guys, let me know (ping me freely many times as you can) if we get any but literally any (including unstable one) semi-untethered jailbreak that is supported for iphone 7 gsm (a10) on ios 15.x or higher version. thanks in advance!
well no, it never released ofc, but cs had much more progress than anyone had at the time, a whole year before fugu15 max lol
i cannot find a jailbreak that still works and hasnt moved on from this ios version. im trying to jailbreak an ipad 4 which is running ios 10.3.4
running catalina 10.15.7 i want to jailbreak an original ipad running ios 5.1.1 .......absinthe 2.04 won't load.......
can we call the new era of jailbreaking the "wtf how are a bunch of 15 year olds making better jailbreaks than college graduates" era?
my ipod touch 2g wont boot from dfu to recovery mode when i try and jailbreak it, any suggestions on how to fix?
question, i have a 6, 12.5.5, currently jb with checkra1n, how does chimera work? what exploit? what type? trustworthy? is mine compatible? why have i heard so little of it, if it works on like all of ios 12???
how's the community in 2023 i'm completely off ios at this point and am 100 percent disconnected from the jailbreak life
any chance someone here has ios 11 or 12 beta ipsws saved locally? i know such data hoarders exist... maybe a developer of a jailbreak for those versions
that kinda sucks, but there are untethered jailbreaks for ios 6, right? so even if tether downgraded it still can be jailbroken??
if you were on ios 15.1.1 and you're living under a rock and didn't know fugu15 existed you could use xinaa15
anyone got a clue on what to do ? im trying to install altstore to jailbreak my iphone x with ios 14.4
well y'all can hate on xina but they were the first one to make a ios 15 jailbreak and iirc that's xinas first jailbreak they ever made
i'm sure the answer is no, but is there any way to update a ios 13 device to a version of ios 14 specifically? need to update to be able to download certain apps but don't wanna lose jailbreak-ability
hey my ipod gen 2 power and volume buttons wont work and im trying to jailbreak it, any suggestions on how to get them to work again?
guys i got an iphone 12 with ios 14.6, realized unc0ver isnt supported, any other ideas on jailbreaking capability?
im looking to buy an iphone 13 pro max soon. do i need to look into anything specific to be able to jailbreak the specific one i purchase?
anyone know how i can get involved in developing for jailbreaks? i am experienced in c, c++, javascript and python and i have jailbroken a device by myself before (before ios 15)
my volume and power buttons dont work or barely work on my ipod touch 2nd gen, how do i fix so i can jailbreak it?
hello, i'm trying to jailbreak my iphone 8 but i'm stuck at this step someone could help me, i'm following the cadrixframe tutorial i'm stuck at 4:27
i have an ipad mini 2 running 12.5.6 , what would the best jailbreak for me be ? i'm preferably looking for maybe semi-untethered or untethered if possible
how can i access the internal files of an iphone without jailbreak on ios 16.5 on iphone 11 thru pc (i need some game files to borrow)
sup guys i have iphone 7 on 13.6 - wondering if there are any downsides to upgrading to maximum supported ios version and jailbreaking again
so i have an old iphone 6s which is on ios 15 but now sure which (15.1-15.3) and its icloud locked, i need to jailbreak it to unlock it. any luck for me?
friend has an ipad7 bootlooping after unjailbreaking with checkra1n, anyway to recover and not update os?
im assuming with iphone se 3rd gen running 15.6 that there is no possible way to jailbreak my phone, right?
sorry for the ping and for being off topic but i missed this point, does nexus work on fugu15 or not? i just sit and see what is displayed in havoc and can't tell if it works or not
also fugu15 max comes with both sileo and zebra, except zebra is a little bit busted (shows both rootless tweaks and rootful tweaks even though you can only install rootless tweaks)
hey everyone, im currently on 14.4.2 iphone 12 pro. almost every app are requiring ios 15 now. should i update to ios 16? have there been any news of potential ios 16 jbs?
hello can you tell me if i can jailbreak my ipad 6th which is under 15.5 because the command does not work
every time i install substitute on ios 14.6 rc (checkra1n), ios always respring loop, is there any way to fix it?
likely. what is different about jailbreaks now (fugu 15 max) and things like u0 and taurine? is there any difference? i remember true untethered, then semi tethered, then permasigned, has anything changed with rootless?
hey guys im on iphone se 2020, ios 15.6 rc, and i want to jailbreak if a jailbreak ever comes out, but i kind of bricked my phone as i was full of storage, one way i can fixit is by updating but i dont wanna lose chances of jailbreak, is there any other ways or is it even worth it staying on 15.6 rc?
hey have a question, i try to install fugu15 with trollstore but there is no error my phone restarts but nothing happens and when i try to install with sideloadly there is an error in fugu15 how do i install the jb
hello, i need help and guidance on my iphone xr on 13.5 ios using unc0ver jailbreak and i want to update to ios 14.8. is it possible using some sort of method?
a12+ cannot upgrade to a jailbreakable version anymore, futurerestore is no longer usable bc of changes in ios 16. the earliest you can upgrade to is 16.2 with delay ota and that will not be jailbroken for a while
hey just quick question, is there any untethered jailbreak for ios 15? i'm really new to jailbreaking just saying. i have palera1n jailbreak but it is really bad that i have to worry about the device all the time.
umm. guys , how do i un install fugu 15 max , i think i fckd up somthn in sileo , and want to start clean again
hey guys, i just bought an iphone 7 plus and luckily it was on 15.6, jailbroke with palera1n but i'm noticing battery drain and the back of the phone gets very hot, sometimes almost enough to make my hand sweat. any tweaks or any tips to reduce the heat and battery drain without having to get rid of the jailbreak altogether?
so like, will never be able to go to 15.0-15.4? and how will jailbreaks work in the future then ? by the time they are developed, there will be newer firmware
just a general question, know that you can't do it now. but will jailbreak ever be avaliable for like iphone 14? cuz i heard like new chips might not allow for the exploit
i'm about to be selling some ses but they will have the mentioned carrier lock. ios scanning has been big for pokemon go, and now jailbreak is necessary
if you're past ios 15.4.1 (or any of the supported betas) you must jailbreak the device and install trollstore through trollhelper, but that won't stay working if you unjailbreak
hi, if i have an ipad air gen 3 on ios 14.7, am i just out of luck in terms of jailbreaking it? it seems that both the 14.6-14.8 and the most recent versions don't have listed methods on the website, but i wanted to check if there has been any updates regarding that
you should already be very familiar with how to use stock ios, as well as how to use a terminal shell on your computer, before using a jailbreak
yeah and all the jailbreak news was all for ios 15 so i gave up with waiting and i can say i do like ios 16 so i'm not that disappointed
if it's an ipa you can use altstore however i'd recommend staying on 14.4.1 it's a very good ios version for jailbreaks
hey, i'm aware there's no jailbreak for the latest ios, but i'm wondering if there's any way i can keep the custom youtube app i have some how. i need to upgrade from 14.4.2 to the latest to use my new apple watch. any advice?
how do i jailbreak ios on a iphone 158 pro max ultra 6g with improved camera model plus pro++ with the newly released checks3x exploit
hello, is there any other fps indicator that works on ios 15.1 i tried perfdog but it doesn't detect the device unless if its not jailbreak.
is there like a trade server in here for users looking to swap devices? i have a 9th gen ipad i'm looking to swap for anything between an x and a 7 plus just to jailbreak
how to downgrade any ios version with unc0ver blops (without computer). downgrade ios 15, ios 14.8, ios 14.7, etc to any ios version with unc0ver gold universal blops.
hey my brother has an iphone 7 on 14.6 is there much point staying on it or should he just upgrade to latest 15 and use palera1n instead of checkra1n
security contents for 16.4 released, and simo36 achieved krw and sandbox escape. he'll hopefully publish an exploit later this year. so basically don't update lol
i'm almost certain there will never be a 16.x jailbreak for anything a12 and above. i'd even be willing to bet my life on it.
haven't gotten a new iphone in ages, right now if you get one, you can't save blobs right? so are you still buying, not updating and hoping that version becomes jailbreakable? or did something change
hi i want help on iphone 6s ...phone is have icloud locked i want from ios ios 15.7.3 to downgrade to 14.5.1 and with chceckra1n jailbreak and unlock icloud...i have ipsw and blob file future store write failed to find matching buildidentity please help me thanks
anyone with an iphone 14 even staying or have you updated? iphone 13 jailbreak took more than a year right?
guys do u know if there is any app that can confirm that the iphone has jailbreak? like root checker for android?
personally, my iphone 7 on ios 14.6 runs like dogshit, so i would stay back. you can still jailbreak on all versions with the iphone 7 though
yea i do wanna see fugu15 be fully usable, would be cool if we could move over to rootless before a11 dies but
sorry if im asking in the wrong place but am i still able to jailbreak my phone if its on ios 16? will it just revert back to a previous version or is it impossible to jailbreak once youve updated past ios 15?
hello, i am using ipx. currently i am jailbroken with taurine ( 14.3 ). will it be wise to update to ios 16.3.1 and is there any tool to jailbreak then?
i love how in the span of two year we went from each ios version has one or two jailbreaks to everyone and their mother is making a jailbreak
and is it possible to duplicate the rootfs on semi-untethered jailbreaks on a12+ devices ?? (example: palera1n 16gb storage), but palera1n is it semi tethered actually
so now more than ever, take care of your ios version, and get official tweaks from the creators. stay away from piracy and support those who work so that we can enjoy a jb and tweaks
anyone know any available ios 15.7 jailbreaks for the iphone xr? past few websites i've checked are fake (thanks to theapplewiki's list of scam jailbreak sites)
i have a iphone xs max on 13.1 that i've been holding off on jb but now almost 40% of my apps are inaccessible due to the os being too low and immediately crash - is there a bypass tweak other than appstore++ for this or should i just upgrade ios?
i need someone who can help me create an exploit for ios 16 and above on a12e as i dont have access to xcode
does anyone have that chart where it says how many days it took for a jb to be released for every major ios version?
we need to make poll. how many using ios 15 jailbreak or 14 or anything and how many users are not jailbroken etc. to see stats. i am curious
no i was using 15.1 for years because i was waiting for a jailbreak to drop and then xina came out and i used it and everything was fine until yesterday the phone won't connect to any wifi
hey all, quick question. i'm on 14.8 using unc0ver on iphone 11 pro max - i want to upgrade and have many ios 15 blobs saved and 16.3.1. what are my options?
i have been on 15.3 on my 11 since i got it, i was waiting for a jailbreak then i just eventually forgot about it. is there any sign of one soon, bc i may just update
kinda crazy question i was just thinking about.. would it be possible with a full rooted jailbreak to completely wipe ios off a idevice and replace it with something like a light distro of linux or like microsoft dos or some shit
the iphone x (and older) have an unpatchable exploit, giving them a jailbreak on every version, but the iphone 12 has a jailbreak on 15.4.1 (with no tweak injection yet) at the latest
unfortunately that's the case. if you have an older phone or are willing to buy one, you could get an iphone x or older, which has jailbreak on every version
i can't wait to have *real* live wallpapers on ios 16 in like 2 years when there's a jb for my phone
hello, bert new to the whole jailbreaking thing, any support for iphone 14 yet? seen a few claims but does not seem very trustworthy
anyone know why when i download the odyssey jb from jailbreaks.app on my 13.1.3 iphone 8, then click jailbreak on the app it gets about a third of the way then just restarts my phone with no sileo installed?
yo anyone able to help me out here, i have an ipad pro 10.5" on 14.8, i had it jailbroken with unc0ver before. i stopped using it for a few months, and now when i try to run unc0ver it says that its no longer available. no os updates have been installed.
is there any point of making an itunes backup before jailbreaking? if i bootloop through any tweak, i will have to restore to the newest ios anyway right?
how to delete your jailbreak files completely with keeping most of your data for ios 14? is there some tutorial around?
excuse my noobyness but does that ios 15.7.4 mean i can downgrade from 16.1.2 and jailbreak on a xs max?
currently there is *technically* a jailbreak for the iphone 13 on ios 15.4.1, however it is in development and is absolutely not to be used by any end-user
hello, someone told me that i can bypass the activation lock of an iphone with jailbreak is it true? because my dad found an iphone 12 pro max, but the problem is that it is locked and with ios 16.3.1
is there a way to add ios tweak without jb? could i turn deb into ipa then put it as an app in trollstore and that would work?
and to think that the jailbreak was born with someone dissatisfied who could not use his iphone with any operator
so im on ios 14.1 jailbroken iphone 12pro max is there any updates in the community about a new jailbreak or a firm i should get as i think its time to update
because a jailbreak would probably be way easier to achieve on an ios version such as ios 14 but the devs are not focused on it at all so it's extremely unlikely anything will come from it, which is why i've come to the conclusion that staying on ios 14 will mean nothing more than keeping trollstore
is there a way to switch from unc0ver  jb on ipados 14.3 to taurine, without screwing everything up?
hello i'm coming with new problem, i've volkswagen tiguan 2022 and i've jailbroken xs max 14.8... when i jailbreak my phone i can't pair with cable to my car, but when i use it without jailbreak it's fixing.. is there any tweak for pair car tablets?
fugu14 all by itself is untethered, but unc0ver's implementation of fugu14 is semi-untethered (despite the very misleading claims that unc0ver has an "untether"). (fugu14 all by itself isn't useful for end-users though.)  however, taurine lets you keep the app permanently signed, so although it's not a proper untether, you don't have to worry about re-signing the app
they don't overlap any ios versions, so there's not much point in comparing them, but if you want to compare them anyways, palera1n is almost as good as checkra1n. they are both very good and very stable
unc0ver 8 sucks for modern ios because the dev is a jackass and doesnt know how to support multiple ios versions
can anyone help me with troublshooting my phone? i'm using ios 16.0.2 for an iphone x and used palera1n jb. i shutdown my phone and now i'm stuck in restore and can't get out of it. any solutions?
my knowledge is very limited for jailbreaking, i just bought a 9th feb ipad it has 15.3.1 installed and was wondering if it can be jb? like should i update to a later version or newest 16.3.1? and which method should i use?
im a little bit lost - trying to find how to jailbreak iphone 7 with latest ios version and do it on windows...any guide ?
anyone able to steer me in the right direction? i am trying to jailbreak my ipad mini 4 on ios 15.7.1. and i only have a windows  pc.
i'm sorry for being a pain. but can the ipad pro 10.5 2nd gen be jb using paler1n? it doesn't specify which gen.
yall ive got an iphone 12 on 14.6 and i dont think im ever getting a jailbreak, is it possible to update to any version of ios 15? (i have blobs for 15.6 betas and higher but idk if they will work)
use ios.cfw.guide to jailbreak, and people here can help throughout that process. after that you're probably on your own
i wanted to make my ipod touch 4th gen look like ios 7, which after some extensive googling i concluded i needed to jailbreak
1st generation iphone se 2016 128gb on ios13.6 im thinking of buying it but i want to 100% jailbreak it and i dont know of i wont have compatibility issues on ios13 with many apps
a noob-y q but been away from jb scene for a long time, is there a jb method for latest devices, say 14 series?
mr. jailbreak hasn't come out with anything good since unc0ver......... i dunno if mr. jailbreak is gonna make fugu15 max as good
good sir, i beseech thee to lend me thine ear and hear my query. might it be possible to free an iphone 14 of its shackles and jailbreak it whilst it be on the 16.0.3 firmware?
i want to get the old fortnite mobile back and i also want an android emulator on my iphone, is there a way to do it without jailbreaking?
you're on an ios version that supports the macdirtycow exploit however, you can use that and install mdc apps and at least have something nice lol
anyone on ios 14 with any jailbreak, or ios 15 with palera1n rootful and want to test a jailbreak app for me?
hope im in the right place and probably a dumb question but can u upgrade from 14.6 to 15.1.1? im on uncover atm and looking to go to xina
the 6s is the best iphone out there, you can fully downgrade it to 12.1.4 ( maybe even lower, haven't tried yet ) and it's checkm8 and perma jailbreakable
can someone point me to the most uptodate guide on how to jailbreak iphone 7 plus on 15.7.2 with pa1era1n
there's no ipsw for 14.8.1, but deviceos 14 ipsws are old news anyway, and so does installer 5 (by the developers of an iphone os 1 jailbreak who returned to make it) work on odysseyra1n?
i know there are no jailbreaks out for my device yet but anyone aware of any apps on iphone 14 iso 6.2 that i can use to modify the folder layout? it drives me nuts
recently got my 30 day strike, i was told to look into jailbreak for ios and was told i could get help here
this might be a dumb question but i just got an m1 and was wondering is there something similar to an iphone jailbreak for it(or macbooks in general) :v
yo so whenever a 16.1.1 jb comes out ima do it but i want my phone looking hella nice, any repo suggestions ect?
gotcha. is there anybody actively making a jb for 16 except for palera1n now? ive b een out of the loop for a whilew
hey, i have a 4k apple tv 2nd gen on tvos 14.6 and was wondering if there's any way to jailbreak it.
should i update my 15.6 iphone 12 pro max to ios 16.1.2 using delayota or stick with the current version? i am curious if there is any information on which version is more likely to have a jailbreak available. i have a limited time to decide since delayota will no longer be available for 16.1.2 in two days.
i just discovered fugu15 max is in development, jumping with joy that i can join the crackhead jailbroken club soon
messing around with iphone 5s ios 9.1. having issues with jailbreaking it. can someone recommend a guide?
i updated my ipad pro 10.5 to 16.3.1 because the jailbreak kept randomly respringing and getting stuck on 15.5, but now i'm struggling to find anywhere online any videos or lists of tweaks that are compatible with ios 16
later versions of ios 15 attract less interest to jailbreak developers than versions of ios 16 do, so its possible that a jailbreak for ios 16 comes before those later ios 15 versions
a jailbreak for 15.6.1 will come sooner (highly likely) than any macdirtycow version and it will be worth the wait
hi, as far as my knowledge goes i'm 99% sure that you can't carrier unlock an iphone, jailbreak doesn't do that sadly. only thing i could suggest is take it to the apple store or try to call apple, maybe they will have something to say
supertom is a guy who makes hundreds of alts to ban evade in rjb, sileo, and now here as well (he started before palera1n was a thing) and always asks how to jb a specific iphone and ios version
wait i currently have the iphone 11 is there a downgrade in 1.16 i can do that i can jailbreak it too pls help
hey guys, sorry to interrupt but i have an iphone xs max on ios 15.0 beta 1. what is the best way to jailbreak and if possible should i update to a newer software?
iv dont this once befor but when doing this it seemed that the number idintifying what version it was on was still for ios9.3.5 so ther was no way of installing a jailbreak app on it using sidloadly it would giv and eror or maby that was just that one time ther is no real awnser for why it gave me this error but this is my best guess is it posibale to fix this so i can then jailbreal this ipad 2 on ios 8 if not im fine with just useing the jailbreak downgrade tool to make it run ios 6
iv dont this once befor but when doing this it seemed that the number idintifying what version it was on was still for ios9.3.5 so ther was no way of installing a jailbreak app on it using sidloadly it would giv and eror or maby that was just that one time ther is no real awnser for why it gave me this error but this is my best guess is it posibale to fix this so i can then jailbreal this ipad 2 on ios 8 if not im fine with just useing the jailbreak downgrade tool to make it run ios 6
i need help, i want to do rootles jailbreak on my ipad, but after the pongoos reboot the aplication does not showing up
hey guys! i managed to jailbreak my ipad (16.3.1) with palera1n and i just installed altstore but realised that altdaemon works only till ios 14. are there any other ways to install ipas that would get around this resigning business since i am already jailbroken?
is there any alternative other than jailbreaking which can also allow easier file transfer between an iphone and pc?
so i managed to jailbreak my ipad and wanted to install uyou+. what's the standard way of installing ipas on a jailbroken device. many posts i found link to altstore which i assume shouldn't be necessary on a jailbroken device?
sorry for the noob question. i browsed the server but could find an answer. is it possible to jailbreak an iphone 12 pro max?
any idea when there would be a jailbreak available for the iphone 14 or is that just not predictable?
hey yall, this is just a hypothetical and not "eta wen," but is a 16.1.2 (macdirtycow compatible) potentially possible to achieve? if i'm not mistaken, its just an entrypoint that doesn't allow for modifying of rootfs, but is it possible we might find a exploit that can utilize it?
lot of clickbaiters on yt. i see this video where you can download unc0ver black edition? and it supports 16.3 and 16.3.1 to jail break it.
can you downgrade, i am on iphone xs max, ios 16.3.1 and want to downgrade to 14.8 so i can use unc0ver.
how to downgrade currently on ios 16.3.1 and want to downgrade to a jailbreakable version. i want to use unc0ver
i hope no ios 16 proper jailbreaks exist through to ios 17. will be interesting to see if apple can drop an original idea
so currently it is not possible to, downgrade an iphone 11 on ios 16.0.3 to like ios 15 or something, and then jailbreak?
hello, i have a problem: i want to do the rootful palera1n jailbreak on my ipad, but after the rebbot from pongoos i can't see the palera1n app
like a few weeks ago you could've downgraded to 15.6rc (which still doesn't have a jailbreak), but that chance has went
unc0ver and checkra1n won't be updated for your device (checkra1n doesn't support it anyway), the jailbreak everyone's eyes are on is fugu15 (opa334's fork of it) and ellekit (tweak injection library)
question - i have a broken home button on my ipad 7, is there any way i can jail break using palear1n?  i.e. can i use a software to put the ipad into dfu and run the fakefs and jailbreak?
is it possible for you to give me a brief step-by-step to jailbreaking an iphone 11, you can including downgrades, pc required, resets. i don't mind.
hi guys, i'm new here, i come from italy, so sorry for my english, i wanted to ask you a question that you surely know more than me, is it possible to jailbreak an iphone 14 pro 16.3.1?
is it possible to jailbreak on an iphone 11 with ios 16.0.2? been wanting to get back into jailbreaking
so when your jailbreaking an iphone, is it like booting off an iso file on a usb? anyone got a quick overview for it?
hey im new to these jailbreak stuff is there any method that works for the latest version? 16.3.1 on a 14pro max
is it possible to undo the jailbreak from palera1n? and then just go from ios 15.7.3 to an ios that i can jailbreak to one that has cydia?
i bootlooped my ipad 6 when i got stuck in a taurine recovery bootloop and panic restarted, but i somehow stored blobs exclusively for 14.3 without remembering. 15.6 sep saved my ass lmao
any jb detection bypass for pokemon go on palera1n ios 15? vnodebypass crashes after pressing "enable"
you have the right idea -- older devices with a bootrom exploit (a11- ios 15-) can tethered downgrade, but it also depends on signed sep compatibility because there's no known sep tethered downgrade exploits. however ios 16 throws a wrench into it, so a11- on ios 16 might not be able to tether downgrade either, pending more research
16.3 was some security patch of some possible exploit right? so 16 probably has a chance soon up to 16.2
i have an iphone xr on ios 16,3, how can i downgrade it to a version that can be jailbreaked reliably?
at this point boys is it even worth it to stay on 15.4.1 like is there even gonna be a tweakable jailbreak
hello! how to jelbrek ipwned 14 pro on iso 16.0.3!!!!11!!!!!!!!11 pwned checkm9 bootram exploit by the plush (me) free download github plooshi
trying to jailbreak ios 16.3.1 with palera1n & i keep getting this message does anyone know how to fix??
where can i download unc0ver? i'm on ios 14.5 iphone xs and i have previously jailbroke this exactly setup, i want to jailbreak so i can save a blob, unroot, then upgrade to ios 16
is there a way for me to backup my iphone and reapply it after jailbreaking? i really don't want to wipe my data lol
hi guys, what jailbreak do you suggest to iphone 12 mini on 14.8.1 i just found out it can use checkrain from premiumpython but im wondering if i should update and use something like xinna15? thanks
and while they're not nearly as prevalent on older ios versions, you can still have issues with newer u0 versions
look at how much worse stuff like u0 8.x runs on ios 12 compared to even something like u0 6.1.1 or u0 5.3.1
i'm bringing my entire setup (usb drive, lighting cables, mouse) to school just so i can jailbreak some kid's iphone...
anyone know with checkrain if you are trying with an iphone 8 ios 14.7.1 if you gotta add any boot arguments?
is there a non jailbreak way to show time and date of 2 different timezones on iphone 14? i know i can add a clock widget for time of a different timezone, but it doesnt show date
guys i need your help. for days i am trying to jailbreak my iphone x ios 15.0.2 with c-palen1x v1.0.7 and i can't get pass this part. i don't know what to do at this point. i use a simple usb-a to lightning cable
gotcha also i have iphone 13 mini yea, should i keep on 16.2 for a chance of jb? or is there no chance for the newer a chips?
is it possible (with a jailbreak) to install tvos 14 (or higher, i would like app store) on an apple tv 3rd generation (model a1469)
can someone show me their jailbreak setup, is it worth staying on 14.2 iphone 12 just for jailbreak?
hi! i have an iphone 7 plus with ios version 13.3 and wanted to ask how would i go about jailbreaking it?
is there a current method of jailbreaking an **iphone 11** on **ios 16.0.3** ? i have access to a windows pc if you are wondering.
hi i have 15.7.3 and jail broke with palear1n but one i try to add havoc to sileo and download carbridge it says that i need to jailbreak with a non rootless system. can someone please help me to understand wich kind of jailbreak i have to use to fix this issue? thank you in advance
i still find it mildly amusing how the jailbreak (palera1n) ignoring the future direction (rootless) performs better than the jailbreak (xinaa15) that jankily implemented the future direction (rootless)
hey basically altstore stopped working for me. im on ios 13.3.1, but i dont wanna lose my jb (even tho a ton of apps dont even work anymore).  how can i reinstall it without altstore
i am insanely knew to jailbreaking. i want to jailbreak my ipad on "ipados 16.3.1" and i want to have "cydia" on the ipad after jailbreaking. can anyone give me directions on where to find something that will help me jailbreak it and get cydia?
if you need apps on newer versions and want to prioritize app support, then use a checkm8 device (iphone x or anything older) which has jb on every version. otherwise any phone on 14.3 is the best
i am debating on whether to keep my ios at 16.3.1 or restore back down to 15.5. are there any actual ways to jailbreak your device fully on ios 16.3.1. i am looking for a method to disable daemons but i am only able to instal cydia lite and sileo lite so i can't properly extract repos. please tell me if i should downgrade ios or if there is another way to get a daemon disabler without the downgrade.
people were saying it would be a month before a 15.1.1 jailbreak 8 months before it actually released
yes but you can backup with itunes, erase, and then apply the backup so you don't lose any data. it's like that because of apple's annoying sep requirement, and we have exploits for the main ios application processor but not sep
there's no way to know which decision will be better because like a ios 16.1.2 jailbreak could come out or 14.6 idfk
i am willing to update to 16 if i can use my blobs to do it because i have heard of the exploit on 16.1.2
yes, and 14.6 still has alot of features plus most of the stuff that you can get on 16.x you can achieve through tweaks. if you do decide to update i recommend you use 16.1.2 because there is an exploit called macdirtycow and there are apps that make use of it for customization
permasigning is cool, and there is alot that can be done on 14.x with the coretrust bug also a untether is theoretically possible on 14.x there is an exploit for it
just picked up an iphone se on 12.2, is unc0ver still the best for that or is there another method preferred these days?
hey im on ios 13.3.1, i lost my unc0ver jailbreak, and my altstore is giving me the "this app could not be found" error.  what do i do
try to stay on your ios version for as long as you can, though it's unlikely that you'll see a jailbreak for your device anytime soon
yes, try to stay at the lowest version possible, but jailbreak for a12+ devices on ios 16 may be hard
2022 model has faster chip (brand new even), i got the 2020 since i wanted to jailbreak but a 2022 on its launch version (15.4 or 15.4.1) would be very good (although difficult to find)
i plan on getting an iphone 15 when it launches and keeping it on ios 17.0, how many years do you all think it will take for it to be jailbreakable xd
checkra1n is semi-tethered, chimera+chimerafix is semi-untethered. i forget if altstore works on ios 12 but you can use sideloadly
you can also use ios-ota-downgrader to downgrade the ipad mini 2 to 10.3.3, but tbh all the ios 10 jbs are kinda shit so you probably want to just stay on ios 12
fugu15 max fork by opa334, progress is being made but will still probably be a while until anything usable for end-users. still gives hopium tho
if you look at them from a strictly product standpoint (excluding price) they both have their pros and cons for me. i like ios because in some cases it can be more customizable than an android (jailbreaken of course) but then again i like the freedom that android has over your own device
not particularly, has vulns but doubtful anyone would develop an exploit just for 16.0-16.0.3, also no dev would develop a jailbreak in general for that small of a bracket
ios 17 or 18 will have sideloading, many jailbreakers will update their phones to make use of sideloading, ios 16-17 will be the dead zone that everyone hates
tbh i got no clue, if you can afford to wipe the phone in settings you could try a factory reset since sometimes that fixes weird fugu14 shit
so the bot for some reason failed to help me. so are there any workable jailbreaks on ipad 11" 2nd gen, on ios 15.4.1?
hey everyone, haven't been following the community for a while. any way to downgrade+jailbreak 12 mini running 16.3.1? thanks in advance!
i have fugu15 installed and it works, but i'm wondering how i can use certain functions without tweaks?
ive been trying to figure out for hours but i dont see a clear answer, can i jailbreak iphone 8 plus with 15.6.1 or even downgrade if i need to?
although it's not possible to get it to run a higher ios, the legacy jailbreak community might have some tips on getting some use out of it (although version compatibility will still be an obstacle, certain old versions of apps might still work)
hi, how can i jailbreak my iphone 7 (ios 14.8.1)? preferably without needing a computer because i dont have it atm
hello, i've an ios 15.0 iphone 6s, can i just use trollstore trollhelper url to install my jailbreak?
does anyone know how to get around the ios 16.2 requirement for apple tv+? i already tried using safari plus and a custom user agent to use the website but the video player is blank when it launches, im on 14.3 with taurine rn
guys i had a jailbroken iphone, then updated to ios 16 without restoring rootfs first and now when i try to use macdonalds app for example it still says im jailbroken, im on iphone 8 and there is no easy way to jailbreak rn right, so how would i fix this or restore rootfs somehow
i have jailbroken phone but can my friend jailbreak his phone on iphone xr , 16.3.1 vers. he is asking
hi, is there a bypass to unsupported version when pairing apple watch to iphone? i'm om 15.6 rc for jailbreak
thank you so much! just one more question. the main reason i want to jailbreak my iphone x is that i want to disable all youtube ads and the annoying cookies accept notification that we have here in europe for literally any website you visit. i know that there are apps for this where you don't need a jailbreak but they never work for me. is there a good youtube or any other ad block tweak in cydia? and cookies notification block tweak?
on your iphone x you can jailbreak on pretty much any version but the 15 version up to 16.1.2 are better
ok guys i need your help. i just got an iphone x with ios 15.0.2 and wanted to jailbreak it. since i don't follow the jb scene since a decade or longer i just did a quick search on youtube and watched a couple videos on how to do it. the videos looked kind of legit because the people showed their faces and all. it was the unc0ver method where you don't need a computer. which was great for me, since i wanted it to be done quick. but all of the videos had 1 in common. you had to install the unc0ver profile and download 2 apps and run them for 30 seconds. i tried it multiple times but cydia didn't get installed. after that i noticed that it was a scam. so my question is, if there is a legit jailbreak method for ios 15 on iphone x out there?
and if you couldn't derive it, axi0mx found an exploit at the very core beginning of ios devices starting up
unfortunately, the ipad pro does not support the checkm8 exploit. this exploit only affects devices that have apple's a5 to a11 chips, which are not used in any ipad pro models. therefore, the ipad pro cannot be jailbroken using the checkm8 exploit.
hey everyone quick question, if i wanted to delayota with dahlia with the intention of going to 16.1.2 and removing my jailbreak, is it safe to do supervision-less?
i have an iphone se 2nd that is locked to icloud after reset. it has like ios 16.3, i had downloaded chekrain to jailbreak but following all the steps i realized that it does not support iphone se 2nd generation. is there a solution other than chekrain that would be able to jailbreak the mobile? it has as base a13
anyways i just recently jailbroke with fr*ya (ios 12.5.7 and no pc moment) and id like to get some guidance on which repos, tweaks or apps i should install to start off my jailbreaking journey
this ios version is even better than 15.6 keep it you might get a jailbreak soon plus you alteady can use trollstore
oh thank u really my main phone 13 pro max is on 14.7.1 i am waiting so long for an jailbreak is there a solution ?
hi, ive been out of jailbreaking for a couple of years now, currently wondering what is the state of it? and the state of ios 16 jailbreak if thats anywhere close
rjb on telegram shows ios 15.5 betas being signed, can i use any of them to change my 15.5 to 15.5 beta?
can there be an exploit on usb c iphones in the future because of bad code or like a bug or something?
it has a semi-untether, so you could set her up with the jailbreak app + reprovision so that it refreshes without a computer while jailbroken, and that way it would only need a computer if the ipad dies and stays dead for 7 days
plus xinaa15 is a rootless jailbreak which is different to the previous ones so snapchat can't detect rootless jailbreaks at the moment unless you try to tweak it
your only reason to be on 15.7.1 is because you gotta stay as low as possible for a jb but no one is working in a jb gor ios 15.7.1 without checkm8
quick question guys. iphone 12 mini - 15.4.1. jailbreak already working ? checked months ago and there was nothing yet
okay, now on to the real bit: if you're considering jailbreaking your iphone with zefram, you're probably looking to gain more control over your device and customize it beyond what's possible with the standard ios software. zefram can provide access to a variety of features and modifications that can enhance your iphone experience, such as customizing the user interface, installing third-party apps, and accessing system files. however, it's important to keep in mind that jailbreaking your iphone with zefram may also expose your device to bitches, as it circumvents the built-in protections of the ios operating system. you may also run the risk of free food, and some apps or features may not work properly on a jailbroken device. ultimately, the decision to jailbreak your iphone with zefram is up to you, but it's important to consider the potential benefits and rewards before making a decision.
if i'm on 15.1 (13 pro) should i delayota to 16.1.2 if i want to update to ios 16? or is there a big benefit to my current version? i honestly might prefer going to 16.1.2 over a possible jailbreak that's a while away or something
take for instance this person: had they asked this earlier today, they would be able to upgrade to any version of 15.x they wanted and get a jailbreak immediately (or 15.4.1 with tweaks later). now they are simply fucked, blobs aren't usable
hey i have an ipad air 2 on 14.8.1 anyone know what i should use to jb it? im limited to windows only
i want to ask when there will be a new jailbreak for ios 16 but then i realise thats a dumb question
if i install zebra on my jb iphone through checkra1n, can i unstall zebra and go back to normal checkra1n?
you can jailbreak with palera1n, but tweak injection is kinda broken on 16.2+. so you may want to take the time to downgrade to 15.6rc (and then possibly delayota to 16.1.2 if you want)
guys how can we have a jb community like back in the day? i feel like i joined this community way too late (ios 15.4.1 release)
is it possible, using jailbreak, to run 32 bit apps on modern ios versions? similar to how windows can run 32 bits exe files on 64 bot software
psa if you care about jailbreaking get to 15.6 rc while you still can  apple is still signing the firmware
palera1n uses an unpatchable bootrom exploit to basically open the gates wide open, so as such, it requires a computer for every boot into jailbroken ios. (without a computer it can boot into normal ios)
what can i do from now on guys i downgraded my iphone 12 to 15.6 from 16.1.2 and i was told i could do something from here please let me know if i can jb or if there is anything i can do
is there absolutely anyway to jb my phone. i'm asking because someone else said that i could do something with 15.6
trollstore doesn't serve the same function as cydia. cydia is a package manager for jailbroken devices that can install tweaks, and there are other package managers like it (sileo and zebra are the two main onces). trollstore is an app that lets you permanently sideload other apps (.ipa files) on 14.0-15.4.1. there isn't really anything else like trollstore because it uses an exploit to keep them permanently signed with extra entitlements
14.3 is the highest version you can jailbreak with unc0ver on your phone. are you sure you have blobs?
no but i think its more because probably aren't any exploits targeting ios 15 being developed, not because it will be unsigned before a jailbreak could be fully developed
there's not much you can do to increase the chances. downgrading to 15.6rc is an option but it's unlikely that will result in a sooner jailbreak
im lazy to read rn but can someone tell me if theres a jailbreak fot ios 16.3.1, im on iphone 11 if that matters
i need a new phone cause my jailbroken iphone x is defective. is there any benefit of getting an iphone 13 pro instead of 14 pro (perhaps it is more likely to get a jailbreak earlier ?)
the canijailbreak with the ipod classic and nano models is broken because they didnt run ios so how to i use bot with non-ios apple devices?
can someone help me i'm trying to jailbreak my ipad with palen1x but when i'm plugging my ipad in my pc it still says " waiting for devices"
is it possible to jailbreak an iphone 6 on 12.5.6? both unc0ver and chimera (even with the patch) failed
yo noob here but what's the latest ipados that can be jailbroken? just ordered an ipad 5 off ebay to use as a display but it'd be cool to jailbreak. it's running ios 15
my phone came with 15 but my dumbass did the upgrade to 16.0 thinking a jailbreak would never be possible again
15.6rc is generally referred as better because ios 15 is already being cracked open. it's not long until there will be a jailbreak for 64e devices. both are vulnerable to mdc, and if you want full mdc features (dynamic cow) you should update. also if you ever want to downgrade again, you will have to restore, and you cannot use ios 16 backups on 15. also don't forget to save blobs.
i'm not sure what can i do to erase everything including every trace of the jailbreak and still retain my ios version
you can downgrade to ios 15.6 rc (if the device was old enough to have come out on ios 15) but there's no jailbreak for arm64e devices
my dearest gir, do you by any chance posses the information on the approximate release date of fugu16?
just if you do happen to find yourself upgrading to ios 16 just know that you can still jailbreak it lol
is there anything interesting to do with my iphone 12 on 15.6? i'm completely ootl with that macdirtycow thing and other exploits
after full root palera1n jailbreak was installed on my iphone 8, 15.3 ios, tiktok constantly crashes, any fix?
are there any bugs for ipad os 16.2 to get us closer to jb? i updated a while ago and immediately regretted once i heard about the dirty cow stuff lmao
what ios is the xs and 13 (they can't use palera1n, but may still be able to jailbreak on 15.0-15.1.1)
i can't create an apple id due to region restrictions, is there anyway to jailbreak my ipad 4th gen running ios 10?
i have an iphone se 2 on 15.1.  i used xina15 to jailbreak but then decided to go back to stock.  however the citibank app still thinks i'm jail broken.  is there a "cleaner" restore rootfs tool i can use?
wait ios 15 is supported for jailbreaks? i have an iphone 8, 15.7 is there an option i can use? i see some of the current jailbreaks but it would be quicker to hear it instead of checking them all
although at this point if another jailbreak for ios 15-15.1.1 were to come out, i don't think many people would change from xina to the other
it can be jailbroken in theory (a kernel exploit for ios 15 requires a backport to ios 14) but it depends on a few things developers aren't really working on right now, so it'll probably be a needlessly long wait
can i downgrade to unsigned ios without blobs i phone 12 current ios 16.1.1 the one i want to downgrade to is 14.8 so i can jailbreak
ignore it, fugu15 won't really be of use to you. but you can use trollstore as a nice sideloading utility and wait for tweak injection to come out for fugu15
i tryed canijailbreak and it tell me to use fugu im on ipad pro 5th gen 15.2.1 what is the best option now ?
basically it has always been standard for jailbreak tweaks to just do whatever to the root file system(rootfs) but then in ios 15 apple said "fuck you, we're sealing the rootfs now and you can't make changes anymore"
a 14.6 jailbreak is possible in theory but there don't seem to be any devs working on it. stay for as long as you can, or if you have blobs you could update to 15.4.1 and wait for a possible jailbreak there soon (there's already a dev-only jailbreak that might be usable after tweak injection and rootless stuff matures)
so just wondering is there a jailbreak for ios 14.8 or 15.0.2 that you don't have to use youre computer to jailbreak it every time the phone is booted up (semitethered or tethered)?
hi! i have an 1st gen iphone se on ios 14.8 using checkra1n and an iphone 11 pro on ios 14.8 using uncover. can i update both to ios 15.4.1 and jailbreak with palera1n? what do you recommend?
iphone se first gen, ios version 14.7.1 and when i try to run checkra1n on my mac (m1) it says "error: could not trigger entering recovery mode". any tips?
is there any way to get my apnonce without having to go into recovery mode by using blobsaver? i'm using ios 15.1 b3 on xina jb. and just too scared to go into recovery mode, thinking i'll be stuck in it...
hey. i just jailbreak my iphone 7 ios 14.1 with unc0ver. i was tryin to play pogo, i did everything, but i installed the wrong unc0ver first, i think i deleted everything, but is there any effective way of deleting any older jb files besides the restore rootfs ?
i have the iphone 13 pro max trying to use the xinaa15 jailbreak, my phone is jailbroken and i have sileo but when i install things like snowboard it doesnt appear in my settings so i can apply themes etc
nope sorry, there probably also won't be a future jailbreak on 16.1.1, but you can downgrade to 15.6rc and there may be a better chance of a future jailbreak there
hi is it possible to jailbreak my iphone 13 pro max running ios 15.3 or should i just bite the bullet and upgrade?
hello , i have iphone 11pro im on ios 15.6.1 and i heard jailbreak for ios 16 is soon to come do i stay on ios 15 or try to upgrade to 16 and if so how can i upgrade to ios 16.1 or 16.2 , i also have shsh blobs for 16.1.1 , idk if that helps
hi guys i am trying to jailbreak my iphone se 1st generation on ios 15.7 using palera1n. however i am at the step where i have to go into dfu mode, i have tried many times now, but everytime it reboots back into restore mode.
update to 15.4.1 right now and stay on there we will get a jb. for the meanwhile you can use trollstore to permanently sign any app on your phone
hello. i have an a12 device (iphone xs) and am currently on 14.4.2. i have blobs (15.1-16.1). should i upgrade to 15.4.1 for fugu15 (is it rootless? if so is there even a point in upgrading?) or can i use dallas to upgrade to 14.8?
is it possible to downgrade my ios 16 ipad to an ipados version supported for jailbreak? its an ipad gen 9
is there any easier way to get the fugu jailbreak downloaded on iphone 11 ? seems like a lot of steps to go through
thanks. however, checkra1n ran into an error when booting into recovery mode. unfortunately now my ipad seems to be stuck in recovery mode. how do i exit recovery mode?
hey guys when i connect my ipad air 2 to checkra1n it does not recognise the device? how do i fix this?
anyway i tried to jailbreak my iphone 4 on ios 7 but for some reason the jailbreak failed, and also disabled all the buttons
i personally dont think it's worth it just for some better systems, especially since you can jailbreak your phone on the latest ios anyway
i have a 13 pro on 15.0.2 and it seems like i can either use fugu15 or xinaa15. which is better? (been out of this scene for a while, sorry if dumb question)
dumb question a app requires 15.6 and im on 15.5 anyway to bypass that with filza or something? no jb btw
is there anything jailbreak related for ios 15.3.1 a12? i really want the lock screen music art tweak lol
has anyone seen a bootloop case with xina? i personally have not seen any. but with the problem of "ios stock" aka taurine it keeps happening
i used to be jailbroken on my iphone 8 on ios 14.0 and had a bunch of tweaks and stuff, if i use taurine or troll store will it affect anything
__**what are the downsides to a possible 16 jailbreak?**__, i know it's very early doors right now...
if i have a non-jb 6s with 14.x or 15.x, is it possible to save a blob from that device and use it to restore my 8 with that version, to jb my 8?
i mean, 14.8.1 didnt get an jb, imagine a jailbreak for a12+ devices running 15.7.2, a version not truly released for it
im just having a look, im still on ios 13.3 with my x hahah but yes would be first time using any checkrain based tool
jailbreaking is great honestly, i wanted to upgrade ipad this year, but since jailbreaking, i wanna hold onto ut
hey guys have a jailbroken iphone on 14.4.2. my sisters kid got a hold of it and now it's locked saying to connect to itunes. i don't want to reset it to 16.3 and loose the perm jb. any ideas on what to do. i know the pass and also think i still may have the blobs somewhere too if that helps.  so mad...
im gonna unjb my ipad and use bindfs shortly if i can be asked, tweaks will take a while to set up again
anyone have an idea what is the newest version of unc0ver that supports ipad's, if so what ios version dose it support?
i am going to downgrade my ipad using futurerestore. now it needs to jb to do so. i have to use a jb that i don't want to use. but if i do use it, to downgrade. can i restore the phone to get rid of the jb to its version that i downgraded to, so i  may get to use the jb i want?
hello guys, i have a problem and i need your help, i have an iphone 7 plus that is locked on icloud, i did a jailbreak according to palera1n's instructions, and it said that the first phase was completed, has anyone had similar problems
hi there i have a question. i have iphone 7 plus after i made palera1n jailbreak, when i use my phone or playing game on its temperature increase and after that wi-fi just close and i can't open it so i have to shut it down and open it again or the phone keep respring until the wi-fi back again so, please any notes about that thanks.
thermals are bad compared to any other apple cpu, also sep exploit is only available for the iphone 7
you can downgrade to 15.6rc and then delayota to 16.1.2 and use macdirtycow exploits, which give some things that one would want to jb for. like changing the carrier name, among otherthings
yup, same applies for that one, you can't jailbreak. the latest jailbreakable for that is 15.1.1 also
i'm kinda confused on jailbreaking an 9th gen ipad, got it recently, came with 16.1.1. is it jailbreakable yet.
there is no jailbreak for 14 pro 16.0.3, and there will not come any for a long, long time. it's annoying you keep making alt accounts, so please don't do that.
i am not yet jb on this device but it is the iphone 7+ with ios13.3. i was told with blobs i can probably go to 14.x and the one time i ever tried to do that it was with an ipad and a ipsw oor something like that.
started a jailbreak on an iphone 5s on 12.4.4 with checkra1n, failed midway and now device wont turn on, charge, respond, show up in windows
kinda wonder how far they are regarding finnding exploits for 16.1.2, havent kept up to date with them in a long while
is there a way to have sideloaded apps forever without: refreshing every 7 day, jailbreaking, downgrading to old ios ?
anyone know why xinaa15 crashes when clicking the jailbreak button after updating from 1.1.4 to 1.1.6.2?
i got an  iphone 13 but couldn't take the lack of a jailbreak after waiting for a few months, so i went back to my old iphone 8 on ios 11
hello! i know nothing about jailbreaking. i want to jailbreak my iphone 8 with ios 16.3, is it possible?
anyone think we will get a sep exploit that will allowing downgrading beyond what is now considered an incompatible sep. i would like to downgrade all the way down to ios 12 with sunst0rm
is it possible to instal in between updates because i have ios 15.6.1 but i waited for jailbreak then came out with ios 16.1.2 can i get that updated?
hiya!~ i have an ipad air on ipados 15.7, and i was wondering if there was any jailbreak available for it? or at least a free 3rd party store that currently has a license?
guys i'm a beginner and i have a question. can i jailbreak an android?like having one of these jailbreak ios softwares?
hello, i got an iphone xs 16.3 ios, im wandering if i'm able to downgrade to 14.x so i can jb with unc0ver ?
i have the iphone 12 pro max and when i enter the game it suddenly boots me. i would like to know if there is any method to be able to play with jailbreak?
i think this community should go on a mission to find and report any youtube videos claiming nonsense on jailbreak-related news (16 jailbreak on any device, no computer, etc)
hi everybody: my checkrain is running now, but iphone 12 pro max with 14.8.1 is not working. so what can i do now? wait until somebody cracked the phone version?
shoot for a used iphone x, they can be jailbroken up to the latest ios but it requires you have a pc on either mac or linux. you can use a usb to boot your windows computer into linux to jb though
hey can someone help me find a tweak? im like 99% sure it started with the letter g, it allowed you to have an ipad style grid switcher and in the bottom you can see the battery life of all your devices (iphone 11 ios 14.5.1) i forgot to save my tweaks before i uninstalled and reinstalled my jailbreak
my ipad started working over night i got altstore onto it and now i can do stuff. i just gotta find out how to actually jailbreak my ipad now because i dont think there is many jailbreaks for ios 15.5
i need someone who can help me or who knows some method i currently have an iphone 12 pro max and i want to play lol with jailbreak but without any mod and when i try to enter the game it crashes some configuration with bypass that someone has and i have it allows sileo on ios 14.2
i wanted to jailbreak my iphone yesterday so i dont really know what to do since ive always been and android user
is jailbreaking even worth it anymore? im on 15.1 using xina rn and im getting crashes atleast once a day. im more and more thinking to updating to 16.1
hi i came back to ios from iphone 4 lol can i jailbreak ios 16.2? whiuch groups are the famous one nowadays ?
hi like every jailbreak is for ios 14 or earlier so is there a way to use ios 14 apps on ios 15.4.1?
quick q that i feel like i already have the answer for because it isn't even listed on the subreddit table; there's no way to jailbreak the new m2 ipad pro (6th gen), right? i can't even find anyone mentioning anything about it so i assume it isn't possible but i figured i might as well ask
ah i thought being signed meant it would work haha so i can just downgrade to 15.1 and begin with xinaa15's jailbreak tht easy right xd
maaan this ipad 2nd gen is so slow q_q im downloading 16.3 ipsw from the website now hoping i can jailbreak the ipad 9
why doesn't my iphone jailbreak anymore? it's still on 14.6 (iphone 11) using unc0ver. it worked and then it didn't. it says jailbroken but non of the cydia aplications and cydia itself load. i've restarted my device and re-jailbroken it multiple times now...
hm i have iphone 6 plus, yesterday i done jailbreak with checkrain after finished , the iphone has reboot, after login i have reboot manuelly and now if i will turn it on it just show the white screen with black apple logo and after few sec it turns off
ok, my question is: i have an iphone x or iphone 11, not sure which, running ios 16. i would like to jailbreak it but i want to avoid losing data on the phone. is this possible?
it can, idk if the fugu15 app has that option, but filza can just delete the folders where the jb is stored
in the mean time you could downgrade to ios 15.6 rc1 and then delayota to 16.1.2 just so youre able to fuck around with the macdirtycow exploit
how is there still no jb for 14.8 a14 devices?  if it's unjailbreakable, seems apple should have stuck with that architecture.
hello im new on jailbreake community. i have one question can i do jailbreak on iphone 6s ios 15.7.3?
if hypothetically 16.3 becomes jailbroken, would it be possible to redownload u0 and fix it, or am i just in the bone zone?
hi guys im sorry for asking again and again. can anyone guide me in the right direction ? im on 14.5 and jb with uo, i have blobs for 15.0.2 and 15.1 for an ipad air 4 and want to move to ipad os 15 and jb with xinaa15
hi guys i have ipad 5th gen 9.7 128 gb cellular ios 14.6 version but when i try to jailbreak, it gives an error that unc0ver is not supported. how can i fix this or how else can i jailbreak it?
i have blobs for ipad os 15.0.2.  how do i use 15.6rc to go to 15.0.2 and then jailbreak using xenia15 ?
if you have a jailbreak you can use appsync unified or trollstore (ios 14+) for unlimited sideloading
if i use a specific ipsw that puts my device in dfu mode and restores it, can i still jailbreak? ios 16
how does virtual machines run on ipad m1? i was thinking of jailbreaking and running windows or linux
better than nothing and at least i can download apps on trollstore hahah, with an iphone 14 trollstore already said that won't be available and jailbreak will be really hard to get
i have a old ipad mini a1432. i cannot download any apps on appstore because of the version of the device ( 9.3.5 ). even youtube is not working on the device, can i do something with jailbreak? i do not have any experience on jailbreaking. i want to use youtube netflix and discord.
hello. i don't want to jailbreak my second hand iphone 6. it has icloud on it though. how can i bypass the icloud lock
hello how do you install uncover 5.3.1 on an ipad 11 pro 2018 ,ios 12..4.1, or can i install chimera?
troll who appears with their new hourly account to ask about jailbreaking their iphone 14 on 16.0.3 and then goes on about how they've been arrested for cp
hi, i'd like to find older iphone such iphone 7 or maybe 8 and i want to do jailbreak on this iphone.  i haven't been too long into jailbreaking since iphone 3gs, i need advice which ios versions can i jailbreak with iphone 7 and which jailbreak should i use?
so i'm trying to use palera1n to jailbreak on 15.7.3 and i'm running into an error.  after it says you can boot to untrusted images.  it's saying dyld symbol not found ____ chkstk_darwin
it's generally accepted that trollstore won't work for fugu14 unc0ver, but the trollstore developer actually replied to one of my reddit comments and claimed that trollstore *did* work with fugu14 unc0ver so you could try it i guess
because the only thing that exists is similar in nature to u0+fugu14 and libhooker doesn't work half the time anyways
just checking back in after a long time, is there any hope of a jailbreak for iphone 12 on ios 16.0b3? i have held my phone there for a very long time, and am considering updating if there is no chance of this happening.
been waiting almost a year for cheyote jailbreak to come with all my devices on 15.1 and it's still not here.  i'm thinking of downgrading my ipod touch 7 back to ios 14 so i can at least have one jailbroken device.  i have blobs for 14.0, 14.1, 14.4, and 14.5.  anything i should know before doing this?
i unfortunately updated my ipados version to 16.2, is there any way to downgrade it to the latest jailbreak supported version?
yo my ipad is on ios 15.0 right now its a pro 3 12.9 inch screen and i'm trying to install taurine on it i'm trying to downgrade to 14.3 and don't know how. can someone leave a trustable guide on how to do that
ok so is it worth it for me to save blobs am on ios 15.1 and if i want to downgrade do i need to jailbreak again or what
i recently found my iphone se 1st gen iphone. i updated it to 15.7.3, can i still be able to jailbreak it? or should i revert to a different ios?
quick question: is there a jailbreak for my ipad? it runs (not sure because i am not home) 16.2 or 16.3
currently on 13.3.1.  i can't download some apps cause they require ios 14.  is there a way i can upgrade but still jb?
can the iphone 7 (a10) by jailbroken on the latest version? i know it's a hardware exploit but want to double check before updating
precisely i only intend to buy a second-hand iphone xr in a few days and i would like to know up to which version i can jailbreak i do not know it yet
oh that was the other reason i wanted to downgrade to ios 14. i was hopeful that if i install a version of ios where the a11 sep was still able to be exploited i could also get sep features too
could i boot a tethered image of ios 14 on my iphone 8 and jailbreak it? so i can have improved tweak compatibility?
star left unc0ver likely wont be making a return to the community anytime soon due to bootstrap not being updated since ios 14
can someone genuinely explain to me why none of the macdirtycow exploit apps are working on my a16 device on 16.1?
speakin of, i just managed to jailbreak my dinky old iphone 6, could i ask for some good tweaks to start out with?
you can downgrade to 15.6rc, but there is no jailbreak, but you might get a jailbreak sooner on 15.6rc
if i am going to buy a 13 pro or 14 pro soon, which one should i get and which version? i'm assuming ios15.1.1 for a 13 pro has best chances for jailbreaking, but is there a chance of the 14 pro being jailbroken with macdirtycow? sorry i am out of the loop.  i'm still on ios14.3 with an xr and haven't paid attention to all of these new things
i might get an 11 if its possible to jailbreak on it with 15.6 rc, this server bot saying it isnt but others saying yes, can u get someone poinion or just tell me if its bs
hello, i have seen that unc0ver works for later versions of 16, but im wondering if any good tweaks exists for 16 or if its meaningless to jb a 16 device without downgrading
damn' - there have been some terms where i had to think twice, but i see your point. i even heard there are already jbs for ios 16.. but a men can dream.
all user-oriented jailbreaks include some method for tweaks to hook into processes (like substrate, substitute, and libhooker), but the 15.4.1 iphone 12 jailbreak doesn't have that, nor is there a way to install it
is anyone here like really smart with iphones and jb and shit like that? i got a problem needing fixing and ill pay $250+ for anyone who can help me out , its not installing anything
is there a way to check for a jailbreak without asking 158,000 times, like a website or spreadsheet or something?
where can i find the full list of compatible jailbreak devices? the one on the reddit only goes to 15.0
hi everyone, is there any solution to bypass sparkasse_pushtan app. in 14.8!? i used choicy and flyjb and also  xsf1re tweak but both not working!
it still work like any jailbreak just means that be a rootless method this time round across entire ios 15 board due to rootfs changes that happened inside of 15
lol but with no proof of purchase my granpa's ipad is sol lol, i can still ask how to jailbreak, right?
hiya, i was wondering if it was possible to jailbreak an iphone xs on ios 15.3? or is that just not doable currently
i knew it lol, a 16 jb gonna come out real soon i feel like smh. is there no way for me too still get on 16.1.2? im on 15.4.1 like would it be the beta pop up ones?
curently i'm on ios 14.8 jailbreaked, i wanna try dynamiccow for ios 16, which version can i upgrade to now?
being honest i would update because there isnt anything that leads to a possible ios 15.2.1 jailbreak for a12+
so i wanna jb my ipad mini2 and to do that i need checkra1n i know u can make a bootable checkra1n usb but it doesn't work for amd any fix
i can't imagine how, i switched from u0 to checkra1n on my old iphone 7 as soon as checkra1n came out and loved it instantly, no issues from then until i upgraded my phone
there isn't but if you downgrade to 15.6 rc and then delay ota to 16.1.2, you can use macdirtycow exploits
anybody know a good jailbreak detection bypass for checkra1n ios 14.8.1 that works for most high detections apps like banking apps, crypto. com and nintendo games? paying you in crypto if you can help me
gays, i have a iphone 7 that i can downgrade to 14.7, any way in goddamn earth to jailbreak it with a semi untethered solution
anybody know a good jailbreak detection bypass for checkra1n ios 14.8.1 that works for most high detections apps like banking apps, crypto. com and nintendo games?
want to jailbreak ios 15 or 16? palera1n or the even more unstable (somehow) xina are the only things you really got
you could downgrade to 15.6rc and delayota to 16.1.2 to use macdirtycow things though, which allow you to do jailbreak tweak type stuff
new to jailbreak discord but not to jailbreaking, have a couple of questions. what is sep? what are the uses of troll store that cannot be gained from a jb? can unc0ver jb 14.8.1?
how do i downgrade ios version so i can jailbreak i have an iphone 13 mini also whats the best version and jailbreak in your opinons?
guys i have found a new jailberak it dalled the c0ckra1n jailbreak you can jailbreak any device from ios 1-16.3 (even the iphone 16) untethered
i recently reinstalled jailbreak on my iphone 5 with 10.3.3 using kok3shix, and cydia crashes every time i try to open. any way to fix or reinstall cydia?
i'm tryna jb iphone 8 on ios 14.4.2 and for some reason checkra1n saying "not supported" in odysseyn1x, anyone know why it's not working? says it's supported on website
the new jailbreak for ios 27, jailsnappwnagera1n0wbreevasi0nc0versirisyaludepotspiripwnang has released
is possible to downgrade a iphone 11 with ios 16.3 to a 15.1 for jailbreak ? (with a not signed ipa)
is there, a jailbreak for 14.4 iphone x which stays after shutting down the phone and which lets code stay?
the iphone x has more jailbreaking advantages. the iphone x can be jailbroken up to 16.3 while the iphone xs (and xr) can only be jailbroken up to 15.1.1
after i installed applist and resprung, my ipad pro (10.5 inch) on ios 15.3.1 has become unjailbreakable, but mario kart tour still detects it as jailbroken. i even trued uninstalling trollstore to see if that was what mario kart tour was detecting, but it wasn't. i can't even restore rootfs with palera1n. i'm afraid the only option i have is to do a factory reset, and restore it from a backup.
after i installed applist and resprung, my ipad pro (10.5 inch) on ios 15.3.1 has become unjailbreakable, but mario kart tour still detects it as jailbroken. i even trued uninstalling trollstore to see if that was what mario kart tour was detecting, but it wasn't. i can't even restore rootfs with palera1n. i'm afraid the only option i have is to do a factory reset, and restore it from a backup.
oh i haven't done anything yet i was just wondering if i could easily jailbreak this ipod touch on windows 10
on 14.8 which jailbreak software can i use cause i can also update to 15.7 but idk which one to go with
yknow how sometimes a particular and random ios build is way harder to jb for no damn reason and then the next build is back to normal
ive just been tryna understand smth, if an ios's sep is read only how did apple manage to patch the sep on a11 devices, i pretty sure from what i can remember checkra1n was able to keep security functionality on a11 jailbreaks. but now it and palera1n can't.
too many infinite bootloops with palera1n i had to downgrade to ios 14 and jailbreak with checkra1n again
mac dirtycow exploits. you can install cowabunga by lemin to use them. you **cannot** be on anything newer than 16.1.2
i want to jailbreak my iphone x on ios 15.1. ive never jailbroken a phone before, can anybody recommend where i should start reading?
i know it's sad. from what i've heard 15.4.1 jb ain't gonna be anytime soon i'm thinking about buying a device on 15-15.1.1
and no, checkra1n doesn't support anything newer than ios 14. palera1n could jailbreak that version if you're on a supported device though (iphone x and older)
having an hypothetical jailbreak i mean, i could set nonce to the actual on the blobs, then restore to that ios verison?
the question is, has anything been done about a11 and unlocking sep to be able to set a jailbreak code on the iphone 8?
why is there an increasing number of people who think the ios announcements are jailbreak announcements
anyway to jailbreak ios 15.7.1 iphone 7 but with no macbook or linux or virtual machines just windows ?
i bought an ipad 8 on ios 16.2. is there any way to actually jailbreak it, or is the checkra1n virtual jailbreak my best option? haven't messed with this since my last device a few years ago, but i'd definitely like to try it with this one if possible
question, is there a tutorial someone could recommend i use to jailbreak my phone which is on 16.2? i saw in announcements that 16.3 is jailbreakable with palera1n
highest version of ios that has a decent jailbreak for all devices, along side many other options to choose from (also has trollstore)
if anyone is currently on 15.6 rc stay where your at you prob got a better chance at a jailbreak in the near future
impact: processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution. apple is aware of a report that this issue may have been actively exploited against versions of ios released before ios 15.1.
hello everyone i thought i saw that the ios 15.4 jailbreak on iphone 8 was possible you can confirm if or where i can find it please
hello everyone i thought i saw that the ios 15.4 jailbreak on iphone 8 was possible you can confirm if or where i can find it please
hey guys i have an old iphone xr ios 15.0 ready for jailbreak but i just got a new phone. does anyone know a good place i could sell it or is anyone interested in buying?
is there a tweak or something with the macdirtycow exploit to make a ipad 8 or 7 support an apple pencil 2?
is iphone x the latest released iphone version that can be jailbroken on any ios? mine has phantom touch issues (very common with the defective touch panels that shipped with the iphone x) and im deciding if now is time to go up to a newer phone and maybe get a jailbreakable version?
can anyone help me im trying to jailbreak my old iphone 5s whit checkra1n and i always get error -31
hey guys i jailbreak my ipad 10.5 with oddessey , it installed selio , whats next? how can i have trollstore?
how can i jailbreak my iphone 7 running 15.7.2? ive never jailbreaked before and its stuck on the cannot activate screen
oh ok i get it. unlike checkra1n is a 10 gb partition needed for semi tethered bc the root filesystem cannot be written to on ios 16 anymore?
they could use succession jailbroken with checkra1n or palera1n to restore if they have to keep current ios no?
ok but that wasn't my question i don't want to disable icloud lock i want to jailbreak an iphone 6s and get it back to its 14
apologies if this is the wrong place to ask. but is there a stable jailbreak for the iphone x , ios 16.2?
i just want to save the blobs, then wait until a jailbreak appears, i jailbreak and keep saving future ios version blobs if i want to upgrade or downgrade
just found my 12.9 3rd gen ipad pro, i used to use unc0ver, but it seems like its not available on ios 14.6 anymore, is there still a way to jailbreak my device?
how cans i without the wire restorde the iphone without the pc i jb with the balls pain and then it did the bsod with the blobs and then pooped it out
guys you think we can untethered jailbreak iphone 14 pro max on ios 16.2 without access to pc for free?
is it possible to jailbreak iphone 11 on 15.3.1? i am new to the iphone scene and i have been tryjng to research but i have not found much. i came across a webpage that said there is a program called zeon that is a jailbreak solution but the webpage was rife with gramatical errors so im not sure if its legit
im on 14.3 with my 11 pro max. some important apps are beginning to complain about not being supported anymore :(. i hope we will be able to jailbreak ios 16 soon.
sep has its own sep nonce (similar to the regular nonce, or ap nonce specifically). we can jailbreak an iphone to set the ap nonce  but not the sep nonce
nope, sorry. you can downgrade to ios 15.6 rc, which doesn't have a jailbreak yet, but you might get one sooner
apologies for the dumb question, but there are so many abandoned sites regarding jb. is there a jailbreak for ios 16.2  iphone 12 pro max or ipados 16.2 ipad mini 6
is there a way to upgrade my ios from the unc0ver 14.4.1 jailbreak to a higher ios but still keep my jailbreak? i know it's probably highly unlikely, but would be amazing
apple on their way to have 80% of the jb community in 15.6rc, then close albert for any device on 15.6rc and make 15.6rc not able to use icloud, cellular data or wifi
i've been on this firmware since it released and it still isn't getting a jailbreak while ios 15 did
there's a 15.7.x update to do on it and i'm going to do it.  as soon as he updates where can i see a tutorial on how to jailbreak without a computer?
i basicly want to keep or restore these unavailable apps and their data to ios 10 or a jailbreak (if that fixes compatibility in any way)
let me reformulate, i would need some help to jb a iphone 6s, i can't get it in dfu more than 30 secs
would a fugu15 with tweaks even be all that great? oobpci would have your shit crashing every 30 minutes anyway
if i have a bootloop checkm8 device on ipados 14.1 jailbroken with unc0ver and i try to overwrite the unc0ver jailbreak with palera1n tethered jailbreak. could this fix the device or will it cause more harm than good?
if you want a possible fix right now, delete u0 (and the placeholder if it exists) through the home screen or altstore and start over from step 7. but fugu14 is touchy and i can't guarantee that it won't mess something up
you could try deleting and restarting but idk what fugu14 has already done and it might be a little touchy
i can't say anything for certain since i'm not sure if restarting will mess anything up, best thing i guess would be to wait for someone familiar with the unc0ver+fugu14 install process
yo guys can someone help me when i jailbreak and download sileo via palera1n loader app then i press respring and then when i press respring i get stuck in respring loop all the time can someone help me? im on ios16.0
i had this spare iphone 6 i wanted to jb, but at that time the main method was odysseyra1n and i didn't want to boot odysseyn1x
i recommend picking up an iphone se1 since it's like 40 bucks, can run ios 15, and has jailbreak on every version
does anyone have a good tutorial on how to jailbreak the iphone 11, i have no idea how since im a beginner
but if i directly update jailbroken device, will it cause any problem? also i couldn't find any jb for my ipad, yet.
i'm seeing good things about the maccowdirty exploit, and i can't be on ios 15 bcs airpods pro 2nd doesn't work that good
it's a cryptographic signature that the iphone checks every time you boot the phone, and no one can break that without a bootrom exploit (which *is* present on the iphone x and older, but not the iphone 13)
is there a jailbreak for ios 15.6 on iphone x that allows for faceid functionality yet? or is palera1n still working on that?
i have an iphone 6 running 12.3 ios, its a replacement for my phone i just broke, what jailbreak options are there?
guys. another question from me. do i have any chance to receive a jailbreakable ios on a new iphone 12 pro max? i found one in a shop
is there any jailbreak tweak which lets me copy the touchid security key to let me reprogram another home button? iphone se a9.
you can still run cli tools on it though, including procursus stuff, which ironically makes it more advanced than a certain other ios 15 jailbreak
what is the guide i should follow for updating an iphone 11 pro max from 14.8 with unc0ver and blobs to 15.1 so i can jailbreak with xinaa15?
hello if im trying to unjailbreak my phone, are there any precautions or a specific way to do it + can i keep my tweaks j incase sileo is updated to later versions?? im iphone x 14.7.1 odysseyra1n
can some explain me why my device crash every time i start a game? this happen since a week now. it never did before. ios 14.3 unc0ver jb iphone 11
i wanted to jailbreak so i can use blobs to role back from ios 15.1 to ios 14.7 which is the lowest version blob i have
my iphone x has been on the black screen for hours, i've tried restarting and i couldn't, neither the apple nor recovery screen appears and the computer doesn't recognize it either, i think i bricked my iphone with jailbreak, should i take it to technical assistance or is there any way to solve
my iphone bricked after the jailbreak, i've tried restarting and nothing happened, it's still on the black screen, does anyone know how to solve it? i just want my phone back
i have a question, is there any possible way of jailbreaking an iphone( se 2020) 16.1.2. without a pc, i currently dont have an access to it. everywhere where i have looked i have to pay.
i has ipone 14 pro max on latest eye oh ess an i want jb untether with the checjmate untether with the procrouse jb exploit
it shows 15.0 cannot be jb but i see in announcements here some versions can be done with checkra1n? i'm a bit confused with all the info
hi yall, hope i'm not bothering with a question already answered, but is there an updated list of ipados versions that can be jb as of now?
15.1 jb performed worse than when i had 2k subs & couldn't compete with the big boys in 2019, and with 15.1 i rank top of search for most things
hey everyone, ipad pro on 13.3.1 here jailbroken with unc0ver, is there a way to save the on-device blobs for this? it's the ipad pro with an a9x cpu
is there any stuff i can use that lets me download some cool apps without jailbreak on my xr ios 16.2
a zoom camera, a normal camera, an oled screen, and being able to jailbreak on any ios 15-16 version
i think it's possible to compile checkra1n for ios, but it's a cli and needs to be jailbroken, needs to use camera adapter.
i would not like to think how ios 16 could further hinder jailbreaks further depending on if it makes it ten times harder over 15
guys would it be possible to jailbreak an iphone with a jailbroken ipad using like a virtual machine or an emulator or newterms or anything else im very curious if someone already tried this
can i jailbreak an iphone xr 15.3.1 with fugu15 with the command can jailbreak it say that i can but the github page say the opposite (sorry for my bad english)
makes sense. i jus miss when for example the iphone 8 14.3 you had both checkra1n and taurine so you had options between how you wanted to go about jailbreaking
hey yall, can anyone steer me in the right direction? my ipad is on 13.4 and im trying to update it cause im having issues with my airpods disconnecting on it, how would i upgrade to another jailbreakable ios?
hi guys im trying to jailbreak an a12 with ios16, is that possible? if yes, witch jailbreak should i use (sorry for bad english)
if you care about using those stay where you are but if you wanna jailbreak i would advise getting to 15.6 while you still can
so i have an ipad mini 6 with 15.4.1 it says i can jailbreak but is there a good video tutorial on how? the bot says to use fugu15
been out of the loop for a good bit. still using unc0ver with ios 14.8. is there any way to update to ios 15 with any jb as of now?
if i update my ipad to ipados 15.7.2. it seems to be the latest signed firmware for ipad. can i use palera1n to jailbreak it?
any of you know a semi untethered jailbreak for ios 15.7.2. i have an apple a8x processor if that helps.
i jb'd like a year or two ago and i disabled being able to update to a later ios as i was sick of the notification. now it wont let me update my phone. how would i fix this?
are ios 14.8 and ios 14.8.1 the same ? like did anything changed about jailbreak once ios 14.8.1 came out, like did they had to find a new vulnerability to create a new jailbreak or the jailbreak from ios 14.8 directly worked on ios 14.8.1 without changing anything ?
guys i have a ipad air 2 (a8x) running ipados 14.1. i sideloaded the unc0ver jailbreak to the ipad with sideloadly and everything is working great. is this the prefered way to go? or is there a better way to sideload unc0ver like altstore or trollstore?
does the macdirtycow exploit work on ios 15.6, i can't decide if its better to stay on that, or move to ios 16.1.2. unsure if there is much reason to stay on 15.6 if 16.1.2 has the same exploit.
one of these days i'll have money so i can buy two of the latest iphone. one for me to use and update and the other to go in my nuclear bunker so my grandchildren can jailbreak it with working procursus maybe
does anyone think a jailbreak could actually come for ios 16 with the current exploit out? i know a lot more is needed than what is currently there
if you wanna buy a used phone on a jailbreakable firmware 14.3 is a solid bet for newer phones, otherwise you could get an a9 phone like an iphone 6s or se1 for jb on any firmware
i'm stuck at respring when i try jailbreak my iphone. actually what happened to me.... i jailbreak first time normally, everything was good. but suddenly i opened that xina a15 app and tap respring as a tweak was showing to respring to change effect. but after that i'm stuck respring, manually reboot can fix it but device is no more jailbreak.
would any dev be in the mood to modify the 14.3 kernel exploit to work on my 14.3 dvt iphone 12 pro?
i have an iphone 12 pro max on 14.1 unc0ver jailbreak. is it possible for me to upgrade to 15.1 using my saved blobs and then jailbreak with xina?
i was hoping i could get a little bit of help.. i have a friend who's trying to install the unc0ver ipa to his 7th gen ipod running ios 14.3. he has altstore set up, and he already signed into his apple id inside alt store, however safari continually crashes when he tries to open the ipa in altstore
a stupid question but i have a 13 pro max, currently on 16.1.2, i dont think a jailbreak is availlable on this update but can i downgrade to a jailbreakable version?
tweak injection or support would mean that you can get a package manager, like cydia or sileo or zebra and get jailbreak tweaks. fugu15 (the only thing that can jailbreak that version) does not have that
hello guys is it ok to stay on 16.1.2 if i want to jailbreak? my device is iphone 13 pro max, currently on 15.6 rc about to ota delay. thanks guys.
anyways what tweaks do yall use cuz i kinda lost use to my device being jb, would rather have the new ios 16 features
hi, buddies, can i backup my phone without jailbreak, so when i try jailbreak failed, i can go back to ios 15.0.1.
the horrible truth is actually jailbreaking is dying and now we should all move on at some point, checkm8 devices will be jailbreakable until apple no longer supports them, so if you absolutely need an iphone, try living stock as much as possible otherwise get an android, if you need kind of both, adjust your budget and buy both, so you have best of both worlds.
i clearly am missing how much of a difference it is to make a checkm8 jb for ios 11- compared to 12+
if it could be used for binaries too then, combined with fugu15 (thunk already is) and with dirtycow, sounds like a meh jailbreak
yall does jailbreaking the iphone stops auto updates if it doesnt    does auto update cancel jailbreak?
im trying to jailbreak my old ipad with checkra1n but ipad wont go dfu mode once i click next any fix?
i have downgraded my phone to 16.1.2 but from what i understand a jailbreak is not possible right? ge0snow keeps making these clickbait titles though, so i am not sure. the macdirtycow exploit seems to work great though, was just wondering if a jailbreak was actually possible with it?
hey guys, i've got question regarding the palera1n jailbreak: i've got an iphone x running ios 15.2. can i update to ios 16.2 to jailbreak or am i better off just jailbreaking with my current?
and 16.1.2 is being signed still? are there any exploits there that make you hopeful for a jailbreak on that version in they future
the ipad mini 4 will probably be fine, but you're better off using the semi-tethered jailbreak palera1n than doing a tethered downgrade and using a jailbreak on an older version. you'd still need your computer every boot, and if you don't have linux or a mac, you'll need to boot into linux every time you want to *boot* the ipad if it's tether downgraded (if you just jailbreak palera1n, you can still boot to stock easily). also in sunst0rm you have to use taurine, there's no support for unc0ver (unsure about this, someone else might want to fact check)
are you familiar with what it takes to "get your feet wet" in this realm? i'm a cs major, in my senior year... always loved ios and jailbreaking, but never knew how people get started tinkering with this stuff...
thanks, is there any jailbreaks that are soon to be avaiable on it? afaik xinaa15 only works on 15.1?
okay and my last question is if i have to jailbreak using windows, is there any other way than connecting my iphone to my windows via usb cord (a to c)?
i sent this screenshot back in 2020 flexing my jailbreak to a friend, does anyone know which tweak it is? it was tooken on an iphone 7 with ios 14.6
the main upside of android jailbreaks over ios jailbreaks is that most manufacturers like samsung leave the bootloader unlocked so you can literally downgrade to whatever os you want to install whatever root you want
has there been any jailbreak for the 16gb iphone se on ios 15.7.2 without having to boot it with a computer
havent been in the jailbreaking scene for a bit. im excited to see palera1n and xinaa15. however i was curious what ios 16 jailbreaks are looking like for a15 devices at this point. im assuming it must be semi-tethered.
hey guys trying to use cherryflower jb to downgrade my iphone 4 and well it gives me a bus error how do i fix this? i am on macos monterey if that makes a difference
im trying to jailbreak my iphone 6s plus ios 14.7.1 from what i understood it should be possible to jailbreak but i when i open unc0ver it says unsupported... anyone know?
i honestly have no idea why i'm staying on the beta anyway when i have no intentions on jailbreaking this ipad
may i get some help on where i can get news on ios 16 jailbreak? and know if sileem from pangu8 is a scam or not?
how can i fix this error status 404 when trying to install packages? using fugu15. does this mean the repo is down?
i'm unsure as to whether going back to rc1 ios 15 is worth it if i can't even use an apple pay if a jb comes out
cuz he said that he used unc0ver to jailbreak an a11 device on ios 14.7.1 and from my little knowledge i don't think that it's possible
is there anyway to activate iphone 5s on ios 12 with a broken baseband? i already jailbroke it with checkra1n but that didnt do much.
hello i'm sorry for asking, but im a bit lost about the new jailbreaks. can i jailbreak iphone 13 mini. on ios : 16.2?
hello everyone - first time here and was sent by havoc to figure out how to jailbreak my iphone.  any ideas of where to start?
the exploits needed for an a12+ jailbreak on 15.5+ don't exist yet though - so updating at this time is a terrible idea
i dont know if i should update to 16.1.2 and pray that a jb comes out for it, or stay on 15.6.1. i know the rule of thumb is to stay on the lowest possible version but theres been nothing for ios 15 post 15.1.1 and theres already something happening with 16
sorry im new here couldnt find anything anywhere else, but is it possible to jailbreak any of the ios 16 updates, and if not is it still possible to work around it? i am on ios 16.1 iphone 11
is there an ota downgrade method to ios 8 that actually requires jailbreak? i was just gonna have them do ios-ota-downgrader
hello i would like to ask a question as a newbie here. can i use kali on vm to use palera1n in order to jailbreak my iphon 8 15.5 ?
since you don't have blobs, the lowest you can update to is 15.6rc which probably won't get a jailbreak anytime soon, and you would also lose trollstore
hey, i have an ipod touch 6th gen on 12.5.6 but chimera and unc0ver both say unsupported, i got them from jailbreaks.app, what can i do?
i saw that it now possible to jailbreak the last ios (16.2) with some hardware i guess ipad 5 to ipad 7
question, does anyone know how to get the razer kishi v2 to work on any ios version under 15.4? (so i dont have to get rid of my jailbreak)
i know how to jailbreak with palera1n i just want to know if you guys have any repos or tweaks that might be a necessity for ios 15.7.2
considering switching from unc0vers ios 11 jailbreak on a9 to palera1ns ios 15.7.2 jailbreak on a9 can anyone give me any tips?
gent's i just got a fresh iphone x on ios 14.6 looking to jailbreak it. i understand that there is no untethered for it yet. can you please advise?
thank you for telling me that jailbreak cannot be done on the 14th at the moment, i'll be on the lookout!
i've been on a hiatus from jailbreaking for quite a bit and am getting back into the swing of things. i heard that 15.6 rc is the best signed firmware to be on right now. is there anything i can do with it right now on my 13 pro max? or am i just going to have to sit tight and wait?
i do remember unc0ver 14.6-14.8 being nasty. i returned a phone  i remember. couldnt do carplay at all, was losing data all the time
is downgrading worth it for an 11 pro on 16.2? i want to jb when i can but atm i dont want to lose my lockscreen
is it possible to upgrade to the ios 16 version of apple maps while remaining in 14 with a jailbreak?
hey guys, i know this questions has been asked many times. what is the current jailbreak for an iphone 13 ios 15.0.1 or are you suppose to use troll store
hello, i found a bug in ios which completely crashes the devices after asking siri something. could this be a potential exploit? i found it on 16.2. if so, which developer should i got to?
sorry, if this has been asked a lot but wanted to give it shot. i have a iphone 12 pro max currently running unc0ver on ios 14.2.1. is it possible to still update it to ios 15 and retain my jailbreak?
hi! my friend has an iphone x he wants to jailbreak. neither of us have done this since iphone 4 was out. which jailbreak should we use? why are there so many? back in the day it was redsn0w and that was it
trying to jailbreak iphone 6 on 12.5.6, tried chimera with chimerafix but im not having any luck (reboots as soon as it starts) any other option available?
how do developers  learn to jailbreak and exploit ios devices, and what do they do once they find exploits? how?
brother anyone help me,, i jailbreak my iphone 8 ios version 14.8.1,,,, the sound not coming from device and also haptic touch issue anyone please give me solution
you can't use android specific apps on iphone. jailbreaking allows installing unsigned apps.  so you can install third party apps not available on the app store through sileo
let me put it this way: 14.8.1 has every exploit available to create a jailbreak, just nobody has done so yet
yes, i will stay on 14.8.1 for as long as i can but if somehow there ends up being a jailbreak on 15.6 before there is one for 14.8.1 then i am probably going to switch soon after. i hope 14.8.1 gets a jailbreak
i am on an iphone se 2nd gen on 14.8.1 and i have some saved blobs for 15.6 and 15.7. i am currently not jailbroken because there is no jailbreak for what i have and i am waiting for taurine to support 14.8.1 like coolstar said. although, if taurine doesn't get updated, is there still a possibility to be able to restore to any of my blobs? like is it possible to use trollstore to future restore with what i have.
the lowest you can update to is 15.6 rc1, but if you're waiting for a jailbreak you should stay on 14.8.1
any jb detection tweaks that work for games like clash of clans on ios 15 ? tried a few but no result
so i've been out of the jailbreak scene for a bit. i am on 14.5 and jailbroken usinfnuncover. is there anyway for me to update to anything newer (beyond ipad os 14) and still have a jailbreak ?
brother anyone help me,, i jailbreak my iphone 8 ios version 14.8.1,,,, the sound not coming from device and also haptic touch issue anyone please give me solution
it really is :)is there maybe a tutorial here how i use my saved blobs do update to ios 15 and jailbreak? or wuld u wait ?
i can let go of jb if carbridge and  couple of tweaks are implemented in ios or can be installed by any other means
my first was le u0 ios11 if you don't count the epic jailbreak fail on my ipod touch 2nd gen because i wanted custom tap tap revenge songs
guys i have checkra1n installed on my iphone 6s, but without the procursus bootstrapper and i already have like 50 tweaks installed including cydia. is there a way to get the bootstrap for me?
i remember at one time on iphone 7 (no jailbreak) i could change the ring switcher to either be portrait orientation lock or ring toggle
hoping to get recommendations on an ios firmware i can upgrade to with a jb. thinking fugu15 or xina15. is there an faq or anything i can review
is there a way to test xinaa12 jailbreak on a virtual pc to check tweak compatibility before installing it on a real iphone?
is there a tweak for gta vice city cheats (jailbreak is not a problem) (test porpoises only)(im on a ios device)
alright so, the only versions you could restore to that are "unsigned" are 15.7 (i think), 16.0.2, 16.0.3, 16.1, 16.1.1, 16.1.2 via delayota which aren't jailbreakable at all
devs have lost interest in 14.6 but a jailbreak still seems feasible since the 15.0-15.1.1 exploit multicast_bytecopy could in theory be backported to 14.x. that said though devs might try and reimplement fugu15 with tweaks first so 15.4.1 may get tweaks sooner. weigh the options carefully since some apps are also dropping support for ios 14
anyone that know to do, my iphone 6s won't be able to get dfu mode, it automatcly goes to recovery mode. so it wont jailbreak since i do it right
theoretically, could the macdirtycow exploit be used to temporarily disable the beta popup for ios 15.5 and 15.6 betas?
i have iphone 7plus ios 15.6 and im trying now for 2days to jailbreak it so i can use youtube in my car... any idea ?
hi i have a iphone xr and i am new to all this but i want to learn how to jailbreak my phone.  can anyone help me out please
i think it comes down to preferences. android and iphone are both equal. however, i think that if u jailbreak an iphone it makes it better than android (and regular iphones)
i'm 100% new to sileo, i used to only jailbreak legacy ios. what is the sileo server and where can i download the .deb? do i install it with filza?
im jailbroken on ios 14 what are my options can i somehow jb 15.3.1 (i have the blob) and (can i somehow regain the face id ability)
i had a bunch but they never worked for me. plus newer games require 15+ anyway and i hardly used my jailbreak
thanks. i can only directly upgrade to the latest os which is 16, not the older jailbreakable versions like 14 right? if im not mistaken then it's best to upgrade via itunes instead of ota to properly clean up jailbreak data if i want to run original os, correct?
hi all. sorry if this is not the right place to ask, but since it's pretty active, i have a question: i have a jailbroken 10.5' ipad pro 2018 on 13.3.x via checkra1n (i dont have it with me right now so can't check). can i upgrade my ipad to the most recent jailbreakable os? thanks.
been trying all day to jailbreak my iphone 11 for pokemon go, then turns out i can't, then i find my old iphone 7 and its on 13.5.1 and i gotta have ios 14 at least for pokemongo
sort of new to jailbreaking, sorry not even sure if this is where i need to be. does anyone know is theres a jailbreak for 16.1 yet?
hello guys, i have a 5th gen ipad a1882 model. it has been running checkra1n jailbreak on 14.8.1 for some years. i was wondering if i can update it to a newer ios version that supports jailbreak and if so how to.
someone will make a 16.1.1 jb by the time i learn the skills to make one but i want to learn it regardless
hi, quick question, should i stay on ios 15.2.1 or update to any os within 16.0-16.1.2 bc of the macdirtycow exploit?
hey guys! new here, is there a way to downgrade to 13.5.1 so i can jailbreak with unc0ver or is there another way to jailbreak at 15.6.1?
hi everyone - can some one help me with the information about jailbreak for ios 15.1 .1 on iphone 13pro max
ayo, is it possible to jb an iphone 6s on 15.7.1 with palera1n? i'm very new to this, sorry for the inconvenience
but if i want to jailbreak my ios16 iphone 8+ i have to install a think which makes me boot it up with a computer every time right
is there any reason not to update from 15.0.2 to 15.7.2? the best exploit for both is palera1n, right? any chance of better exploits coming out that i'd miss out on by upgrading?
trying to install flex 3 and running into above install error. ipad 4 on 13.3.3 and kok3shix jb any help? thanks.
can someone help me jailbreak my iphone 8 plus which is on 15.3.1. the error is "connection to localhost closed by remote host. lost connection". i've tried running the usbmuxd command as root and still no luck. i get the error after its inflating the rootfs and finish downloading all the stuff for it
can someone help me jailbreak my iphone 8 plus which is on 15.3.1. the error is "connection to localhost closed by remote host. lost connection". i've tried running the usbmuxd command as root and still no luck. i get the error after its inflating the rootfs and finish downloading all the shit for it
can someone help me jailbreak my iphone 8 plus which is on 15.3.1. the error is "connection to localhost closed by remote host. lost connection". i've tried running the usbmuxd command as root and still no luck.
hey guys, how do i set apnonce on 15.6 rc to downgrade to 15.1 with blobs? i'm getting what=device apnonce does not match apticket nonce with futurerestore gui . do i need to jailbreak with palera1n to set the nonce?
is it possible to return my iphone 7 to old ios jailbreak it from windows and the download the new ios?
so what is the newest version of ios that can jailbreak and what does the iphone 14 come with out of box.
anyone know if ipados 15.6.1 can be jail broken? also can you please share any trusted site i can learn more about jailbreak
where can i read something about the current apple tv jailbreaks and how to jailbreak a apple tv couldnt find it on ios cfw guide
anyone have any advice im trying to use uncover for ios 14.4 and its not installing the untearther or fugu
trollstore cannot be updated to work on 15.6+. wait for a full jailbreak and use app sync unified or something
i cannot update from 13.5 to 16.2 because icloud locked and previously jailbroken by unc0ver... need to wait in that firmware. can access my photo by ifunbox.
besides macdirtycow, were any important possibly jailbreak related vulnerabilities patched in 16.2? cuz im on 16.1.2 and i want live activities
guys i have a problem with my iphone 8 im go jailbreak with palera1n on ubuntu and my phone have hdd logo on screen and its stuck can you help me?
can i use a tethered jailbreak on iphone 8 plus with ios 16 then downgrade ios and use an untethered jailbreak?
hi i need help my iphone 8 is showing on screen the hdd icon and its frozen i try the jailbreak via ubuntu how can i fix t?
i can't find an update on the 15.2.1 jailbreak anywhere? i know i sound dumb, but does anyone know why fugu15 isn't implemented into xina15?
uhhhh considering how hard it is to jb any latest firmware whats my best bet, 15.6rc or 16.1 delayed ota
i want to jailbreak my ios 16.2 iphone 14 pro max who can help me im completely new and just tryna jaikbreak so i can get gamepigeon hacks lol. i am on windows. dm me i can pay
i want to jailbreak my ios 16.2 iphone 14 pro max who can help me im completely new and just tryna jaikbreak so i can get gamepigeon hacks lol. i am on windows
is there any jailbreak options at all for ios 16.2? i was on 15.1 for the longest time but my watch made me update my phone haha
how good is jailbreaking now compared to back when 32bit ios was around (ios 1 or something idk to ios 10)
hi, on my se 1st gen ios 15.7.2 i dont get sileo after succesful jb with palera1n. in terminal it states that my device should respring in 30s after ublocking but it didnt. anyone knows how to fix it? i tried rerunning the script in linux but it gave me a succes message very fast.
brother if you're not using an iphone because you can't jb you either higher than a crackhead or delusional
i'm on 13.5 and unc0vered but icloud diasabled... i can access my pictures by ifunbox. i will upgrade to 16.2 and waiting ira1n jailbreak. because locked on hello mode.
because in the past under 14.8 i jailbreak my phone with uncover but there are still traces of it suddenly i can't play pokemon go for example help me please
you don't buy a "jailbroken device". the best you can do is buy a device on an older ios version so you can jailbreak it yourself
look guises i jailbroke my ipod" "wow is that an ipod? omg is it jailbroken how did you do that zomg i want to get cydia so i can download 'ibrick' so i can go around waving my ipod stuck on the apple screen!" "man... jailbreaking sucks...
okay, i have iphone se 1st gen on ios 14.8.1. can i upgrade to 15.7.2 before jb with palera1n or should i use 15.6rc (someone recommdended 15.6rc but i dont know why)
i remember i installed checkra1n on my phone like 3 years ago and pretty sure it was the latest ios too. why are there less jailbreaks for the newer versions than before or am i just tripping
hi i have an ipad 8th gen on ios 14.8.1, is it possible to update only to 15.0 or 15.1 so i can do the xinaa15 jailbreak?
hello all, i received an older ipad air from a family member's older that can't update from ios 12.5.6, i got it soley to play a game on that i can't download since it needs to have ios 13, is there anyway via jailbreaking to be able to download that app? the app is oldschool runescape if that helps.
hi is there any jb detection bypass that works with clash of clans specifically? i tried most of the popular ones and they dont seem work(xina15)
so i got all the way to the last step, i go  on unc0ver website and click open in altstore and it opens altstore on my iphone and says could not find altserver
my plan is to keep my 13pm on 15.5b1, probably pay for a new one instead of doing trade-in so i can keep it as a jailbreak phone, and then just keep whatever my new one is on latest
is it possible to jailbreak on ios 15.3.1 on an iphone 8 plus. also, is it worth updating from 15.3.1 to 16.2?
i'm unsure if its worth upgrading to 16.2 from 15.3.1. is it possible to jailbreak on 15.3.1 on an iphone 8 plus
hi guys im trying to jailbreak an iphone 7 on a m1 mac using a normal usb cable and adapter yet i keep getting kicked out of dfu ffs
got two se's (2020 recently), on on 14.3, one on 14.6, have 4 tweaks on both , minimal stuff, for some reason kernel task is eating standby battery (fine on 14.3), tried rebooting and re jailbreaking, but same result. any suggestions?
i'm thinking of getting an ipod or an ipad just to jailbreak just so i can see what a jailbroken apple devices. like. which one should i aim for a ipod or a ipad?
questions.. is there a way to upgrade iphone xs  jailbreak from ios 13.5 to higher version like ios 14 or 15?
still times out waiting for bootstrap. is 14.6 not jail breakable through checkra1n? anyone done it?
if the 14 pro max had a jailbreak, do you think it would be possible for someone to disable the dynamic island and just have the two cutouts for more screen estate?
checkra1n cli doesn't check your ios version? it just waits for dfu and you can't get current ios version in dfu
no, fugu15 is a developer jailbreak and won't help you're issue, jit can only be run off a pc if you're not jailbroken
exactly so this exploit for 16-16.1.2  do u think they can find a way to set nonce for higher devices  a12+
and everyone kept calling it a shitty bash script jailbreak until they released support for 15.x and eventuallt 16.x
yo idk if im blind but is there a guide for jailbreaking i never tried to jailbreak my iphone before and its laggy as fuck so i thought why not jailbreak it
i stayed on 15.1 as my phone came with it when i bought it and i thought about how i can jailbreak it fairly easily cause of that
i mean just get a cheap almost broken iphone 6 and then u can use it for like idk jailbreaking and music ig aswell as apple pay
is there a jailbreak for ios 15.2.1 a13? if not is there any hope of one? or should i update to ios 16 and hope a jailbreak is released for that
i had a question given the recent release of ios 15 jailbreak, i have an ipad pro 11inch (3rd gen) m1 on ipados 14.6, is there anyway i can go to ios 15 and jailbreak? whats my best option currently
its an example that showed the loss of motivation to make a jailbreak because the next ios version had came out
i have an iphone xr so imma charge it and turn it on later to check if its jailbreakable, if it is could i turn it into a cheap ass ipad?
what would you guys suggest me, iphone 12 pro - ios 16.1.1 . is there any chance to downgrade or should i just wait for an jailbreak
i have an ipad 9th generation that came with 15.6.1 and i was wondering if its worth it to stay on that ios with more luck for a future jailbreak or if im better off just going to the most up to date ios since im dealing with an a13 device anyways
is there any jailbreak advancement from ios 15.5b3-15.7? currently on ios 15.5b4 and about to upgrade to ios 16.1.2
is there some form of advancement for an ios 15.5b4 jailbreak so far or am i better off just updating to ios 16 at this point
is there a jailbreak for ios 15.2.1 a13? if not is there any hope of one? or should i update to ios 16 and hope a jailbreak is released for that
what do you guys think, is there any hope getting a jb on 15.6 rc? or are the odds higher on ios 16?
guys i wanna start customizing the apperance of my ipad, im extremely new to jailbreaking but i dont know how to start with theming
im on ios 13.5.1 odyssey jailbreak. is there any way i can upgrade to ios 14 without going to 16.2 on accident? and whats a good jailbreak for ios 14 if i can?
ima send an official email stating 15.6rc1 has too many vuls for jailbreak and they should unsign it and instead maybe re sign 15.1.1 for just 20mins and inform me 10mins prior so i can keep backup ready
i mean you could update it if you want to use something like palera1n (or still use checkra1n if that's an iphone 6?)
if a ios 16 jailbreak comes out before 15.6 then you can either keep waiting or use your blobs to update to ios 16
tired of not hearing anything for 15.2, at least this time of and when a jailbreak becomes available, i am on the lowest ios 16 firmware
anyone else saw the new ios 16-16.1.2 kernel vulnerability on a12+? hopefully a jailbreak will come of this in the future
it is not clear what you are referring to with the term "palera1n." it is possible that you may have meant to type "p0sixspwn," which was a jailbreak tool for ios devices. however, without more context or information it is difficult to accurately determine what you are asking about.
hey so, i've had this iphone4 for literal years now and just found it again and wanted to jailbreak it, ive got a proper connector for it and have hooked it up to my rig and it isnt showing up in itunes or as an external drive. the phone itself is sort of stuck in the setup stage as i dont have the sim card i need to actually unlock it, does anyone here have any advice on how i can get it done properly? not 100% sure on these imei unlocking things as im skint atm due to christmas
can i downgrade if i have the blobs without a jailbreak? i have 15.6 saved blobs, but want to use 16.2 for now
wow wow wow! i missed a lot, but i just got news my ipad 5th gen can be jailbreak on 16.2!! who knew? also what are your experiences with palera1n?
hii guys, anyone can tell how i can unlock all carriers on my iphone? i already do jailbreak with checkrain
another question does anybody know how to bypass i cloud lock on iphone 5 with an jailbreak i have an mac book and an windows pc
when re jb my ios 16.1.2 tweaks are not showing in settings? any solution? they are downloaded but not showing in settings
hey im brand new to jailbreaking and know nothing about it but i want to jailbreak my iphone 12 and its version is 16.2 i just want to know if it is possible to jailbreak it and how
i might have to spend the whole day trying ti jailbreak my iphone 5s with chamiro(i dont wanna spell chimera properly anymore)
i am aware they could use fugu15. but given they are asking if they can jb, they should not use fugu15 due to the bugs it has and the fact that it does basically nothing useful aside from ssh access
hi ! can i jailbreak an iphone xs in 15.4.1 now ? and if it is possible, what's the best tool to use at this moment ?
i need help  i have a ipad pro 2nd  gen i got off ebay and its it ios 16.1.1 i use linux mint is there a way to jailbreak it
hey, i saw that 16.2 can be jailbreak with palera1n. but will the others next jailbreaks able to use the same breach and jailbreak 16.2 too ?
if you have a device supported by checkra1n you can use experimental support for ios 16 with palera1n
hey! i'm trying to jailbreak my ipad 16.1.1 with palera1n when i get problems with dfu mode. i'm in dfu mode but it still doesn't work. can someone help me?
hm rip , shall i save blobs and update to further ios versions so i can come back to 16.2 if any jb releases in future?
i know how it is ive never actually got a working jailbreak ever this iphone x is my only and first iphone and ive never got to jailbreak
should i jailbreak my iphone x it has ios 16 but idk if its worth it right now since idk how many tweaks are gonna be aupported
i have a question, according to ios guide, my device should be jailbreakable using unc0ver, however unc0ver says "unsupported", i have an ipad pro 12.9 inch 4th gen on 14.4
or you could wait for a 16.0 jb which according to some patch notes i saw on 16.2 could be coming soon, which is what i'm doing
but theoretically, if i did want to go to ios 15.7.2 on the iphone 7 plus, i can jb with palera1n? better to just hold off a bit and let the devs update the tweaks and what not?
i know i'm probably not supposed to ask but i'm confused, is there currently a jailbreak for ios 16 on a15
i know that dumbass cosmo bot is gonna pull up but is there a fully untethered jailbreak for ios 12.5.6
hi guys im trying to jailbreak my iphone 5 (ios 10.3.3) does anyone have a helpful link that could guide me through?
is there a guide to clean format my taurine jailbreak iphone 11?, i want to totally format and keep the jailbreak
not it it rotate reboot , then there is still jb, but i want to ask in that environment, is there any tweak to check, iphone is in that rotation state
is there a jailbreak available for ipad pro 6th gen? ios 15.6.1 at the moment! any help would be appreciated!
i don't wanna test on my ios 14 install but i could probably nuke jb on my iphone 6 since there's nothing on it
i have an iphone 11, i am jailbroken with fugu14 (ios 14), i have blobs saved since ios 15.1. what is the oldest possible update i can update to?
u0 ios14.8, made it to step 29 and just stopped. couldn't turn off phone or open any apps, got to enjoy my homescreen until my phone died
have jb unc, xr 14..2, was working fine until needed to reboot and reinstall jb, during the process of jb it froze and everything froze and i can't even shutdown my phone, any help please?
hi, have jb, xr 14.6 but need  to reboot and reinstall jb, when reintalling it reboot one time and when finalizing at about 90% it froze and everything froze, and can't shutdown phone, any help or fix please?
i asked this many times with no answer but is there a fix for iphone mic not working after removing jailbreak? (iphone 7+, 15.7.1, palera1n)
idk why but im somehow dreaming of a moment where a 15.6-16.1.1 jb spontaneously releases and we all go crazy
hi, i want to jailbreack iphone 8 with checkra1n but at the end of the procedure there is an error cannot jailbreack. thank you very much
ok i'm a bit uneducated of all the ios 15 kernel exploits sorry but is there a kernel exploit on any 15.x that works on a9, multicast bytecopy doesn't work ofc and i want to mess around a bit
i heard you can jailbreak in ios 16 but there some phyton part, does it support windows or just mac and linux
hi i just joined, i'm so knew to this i didnt even know jailbreaking was a thing, but i found the subreddit for ios themes and now i want to know how to do it lol, can anyone direct me or give me some tips on where to start?
my xs on 14.3 is definitely showing its age... i wanted to get some airtags but can't use them and some of my apps are dropping support. also unc0ver has been crashing more and more and i spend more time unjailbroken than jailbroken.
hey anyone can help me i am trying to upgrade my jailbroken (checkra1n) iphone 7 plus from 14.6 to 15.7.1(signed) using futurerestore
is there a way to jailbreak a device with ios 15.0 without having to use a software that doesn't support windows
uhh okay im not new to ios but new after a long time, i ve had an ip 5, what untethered jailbreak can i use for it
for some reason i just can't use oddeyssy (i don't know if i spelt that right) on my iphone 8, it just keeps going into safe mode even though all my tweaks are fine, it doesn't happen with u0
yo someone please give me the site where you can find a list of all versions of ios with download links and jailbreaks
hey guys, i have an ipad mini 2. can someone point me in the right direction for jailbreak methods for it.
hey anyone can help me i am trying to upgrade my jailbroken (checkra1n) iphone 7 plus from 14.6 to 15.7.1 using futurerestore
been running unc0ver-jailbroken ios 13 on my iphone x for years, but i'm getting frustrated at how many app store apps are now broken on ios 13. if i want to update to ios 14, is checkra1n currently the best option for a x?
guys i just heard about the xina jailbreak, can anyone tell me if it works on the ios 15.0 beta or only the 15.0 stable release and up?
since i want an unpatchable jailbreak, i'm thinking about downgrading to an ipad 5. does palera1n work on 16.1.1 on that device?
ik downgrading might be a bad idea, but i want an unpatchable jailbreak, so downgrading to an ipad 5 is something i'm thinking about.
after i get my ipad 5 that i downgraded to for unpatchable stuff, how do i jailbreak with palera1n without uninstalling windows?
i want an unpatchable jailbreak, so downgrading from an ipad 9 to an ipad 5 sounds like a good idea to me, and when i do, i'll install every tweak i want. a12+ is kinda shit imo.
help. i'm jailbreaking my iphone 6 plus and the loading bar keeps going back and forth as you can see at the end of the video. after 10 minutes the error -31 appears
iphone 7 plus only boots in recovery, how do i make it boot normally. this happened after palera1n jailbreak
fugu15 was released, but it's not a user-ready jailbreak, so don't install it. any future jailbreak that uses fugu15 will probably be compatible with 15.4.1 as is trollstore, so if you're on 15.4.1 now, that's a good place to wait
friends, i did it myself, but it happens with jailbreak, the tweak is called anywhere 6s plus my device is 14.7.1 version and it played very fluently, but the ipad version is 15.7.1
what other exploits are needed for ios 16 jailbreak a16 assuming kernel vul is released. just pac and ppl?
earliest you can go with blobs is 15.4 which won't break face id. since there's no (user-ready) jailbreak for ios 15.4 you'd be waiting
hello, im not new to the jailbreaking community, but after i switched to android and switched back, i got an iphone 12 pro, i kept seeing in my recommended videos people jailbreaking phones. so i thought i would take a deep dive into the community again, i was wondering if there was any talk of a jailbreak for iphone 12 pro 16.0? i assume not and if thats the case should i just hunker down and start playing the waiting game like what i did with my xr on 14.4?
hi, is there anyway to activate 5g in dual sim on 14.1, the phone is jb. currently official 5g work on dual sim on 14.5.
i am on ios 12 rn with iphone x, i got jailbreak with unc0ver can i upgrade to ios 13 and keep my jailbreak?
there is no jailbreak for ios 16. any sources that claim to have one are scams trying to take your money and time.
hey guys, tried on linux, 2012 macbook pro, 2021 m1 macbook pro, usb c and a cable. iphone se 1st gen does not stay in dfu long enough for the jailbreak to work. any ideas?
anyone know a good jailbreak detection bypass so i can use my sensor or should i just go back to regular ios
15.0 - 15.1.1 have a jailbreak, 15.2 - 15.4.1 probably will get one soon. the sticky 14.6 - 14.8.1 area is tough because it's waiting on a backport for a public exploit, but it doesn't seem like any devs are interested in that backport. so, it will probably be a long wait just due to lack of interest
the se 2nd gen and 3rd gen are good value phones and if you can get them on 14.8 or lower (se2) or 15.4.1 (se3) you're looking at trollstore and a (future) jailbreak which is simply wonderful
no jailbreak (there is a palera1n jailbreak for ios 16 that's not ready for release yet, but your device isn't even vulnerable to checkm8, so no jailbreak at all)
i like how as soon as i sell my ios 15 se and ios 12 6 so that i have enough money to buy a something on 14 an ios 15.7 jb releases
no im saying some part of apple's incentive in making new and good features is to win over jb users or to simply just take inspiration from jb tweaks, with ios 16 and future versions, other than checkm8 which will slowly get less and less used, jailbreaking is going to be dead. then apple can do whatever tf they want feature wise
i was experimenting with futurerestore hoping i might update from 14.4 to 15.1 on my ipad air 4 (i could not, received the "no data found"). now, my device constantly restarts when it's locked (the restart does complete, but if the device is not unlocked initially, it restarts again). i suspect fugu14 is at fault, so i restored rootfs and even hit restore all content and settings in settings, but the issue still occurs.
well, let me tell you, jailbreaking is just a total disaster. it's so sad, really. you know, the thing about jailbreaking is that it just takes away all the security and safety features of your phone. it's like, you know, you're driving down the highway and you just decide to take out all the guardrails. it's just a recipe for disaster. and you know what? stock ios is the way to go. it's so much better. you know, it's like, you know, you have this beautiful, sleek, shiny phone and then you go and jailbreak it and it's like, you know, you're driving a rolls-royce with a broken engine. it just doesn't make any sense. so trust me, stick with stock ios, folks. it's the best. it's tremendous. believe me.
i want to jailbreak an iphone. i fantasize every night about pumping my throbbing cable into the warm, soft lightning port of those gorgeous powerhouses. i want to feel the vibration of the taptic engine as the electrons orbit in the gravitational field of my cable. i want to see how taurine penetrates the clueless iphone sandbox, forcefully exploiting its vulnerabilities and installing libhooker and sileo. just thinking about it makes me aroused and i want to explode with sexual energy.
i want to jailbreak an iphone. i fantasize every night about pumping my throbbing cable into the warm, soft lightning port of those gorgeous powerhouses. i want to feel the vibration of the taptic engine as the electrons orbit in the gravitational field of my cable. i want to see how taurine penetrates the clueless iphone sandbox, forcefully exploiting its vulnerabilities and installing libhooker and sileo. just thinking about it makes me aroused and i want to explode with sexual energy.
thanks for the help, i'm pretty sure i've done it now. my ipad is updating, or downgrading i should say. now i got to find out how to jailbreak and which one i want to use because i think there are quite a few ways to do it
hi, i'm very new to jailbreaking. don't really know much of anything about it but wanted to jailbreak my ipad recently, it is on ios 16 though... can i jailbreak it or does it need to be on a previous version?
hi, i noticed that on fungu15 website it says that support ios 15 to 15.6, so i can jailbreak my iphone 11 with 15.6?
i'm planning to upgrade from my 11 14.5.1 to 13 15.1.1, i want only to backup whatsapp, how can i do it without backing up jb files?
so i wanted to jailbreak an ipad 1 i have but im not sure where to start and the device is so old and pretty much unusable
i jailbroke for the day and customized and all but in the end i can see the phone got sluggish and even on an iphone 13 pro max 1tb. not worth all of that not to mention the jailbreak detection. jailbreak just isn't it anymore.
hi all, any advice on how to *un* jailbreak an original ipad on 5.1.1? error when trying to do so via itunes and now i'm stuck in recovery mode.
boys quick question, im on iphone 12 ios 15.5, is there any jailbreak possible on this shitbox? ik palera1n supports the ios but is the a14 chip a problem?
yo can someone help me out?(iphone xr 13.3 unc0ver 8.0.2). every time i open instagram it randomlly crashes, but when i reinstall the app and try different accounts its not crashing. even disabeling tweaks, trying to bypass (a might) jailbreak detection and rebooting my device so its unjailbroken wont work.
if i'm at 14.8 on the 12 pro max, can i downgrade to 14.4 or upgrade to a 15.x jb release? i'm dead in the water here atm lol
because the approach xinaa15 uses is the same approach that taurine and u0 and the like used that broke in 15.2 (among so many other things)
anyone know how to fix this bs message on my imac whenever i try to connect my older iphone to my mac so i can jailbreak
if fugu15 leaves any lingering issues that persist while the phone's not jailbroken you might need to do a factory reset as well
make sure that your device is compatible with unc0ver and that it is running the latest version of ios. you can check the unc0ver website for a list of compatible devices and ios versions.
best part october 13th i decided i wanted to get back into jailbreaking and if i remember correctly ios 14.8 was unsigned on the 11th
im trying to use unc0ver to jailbreak my iphone my iphone is on ios 16 but the verification doesnt work can someone help me with the verification
hi there, quick question is there a jailbreak for ios 15.6.1 on iphone 12 pro? if not should i stay or update?
i got a new phone recently and my old phone  ( 10,6 ios 15.0 ) can be jailbroken but should i jailbreak it or wait?
it's up to you, that phone probably won't get anything in the near future but updating to 16.1+ would make a jailbreak even in the far future doubtful
hello, i am new to jailbreaking. i want to jailbreak my iphone 7 plus which is on ios 15.7.1. where should i start and are there any limitations, problems i would face?
well, let me tell you, the ios 12 jailbreak chimera is a tremendous success. it's the best jailbreak out there, folks, i'm telling you. it's tremendous. you can do so much with it. it's just fantastic. and let me tell you, nobody does jailbreaking better than we do. we're the best, believe me. and this chimera is just proof of that. it's a great jailbreak, folks, and you're going to love it. it's tremendous. believe me.
hey quick question... what's the best way to install the unc0ver app on an iphone 6s ios 12.4? do you need to use a mac or can it be done from windows somehow?
troll store looks fun for my ipad mini. what about my ipad pro max 1st gen on 15.6.1? should i update that for joycon support or is there an exploit?
additionally, jailbreaking an iphone can cause stability issues, such as crashing or freezing, and can potentially expose the device to security vulnerabilities
jailbreaking an iphone can void the device's warranty, since you are making unauthorized modifications to the operating system. this means that if something goes wrong with the device, you may not be able to get support or repairs from apple
ultimately, the decision of whether to jailbreak an iphone or play the "jailbreak" game on roblox depends on your personal preferences and goals. both can be fun and enjoyable in their own ways, but they serve different purposes and have different consequences.
will you guys be able to help me once i receive my iphone x on 14.8.1 to install unc0ver without pc ? (i can pay for the apple dev thing)
checkm8 devices can tether boot older ios versions and use it to jailbreak. i think there are some caveats
i have iphone 8 ios 14.3 jailbreaked, i got blobs for ios 14.8. can i upgrade to ios 14.8 and still have touch id?
congratulations, you have successfully jailbroken your iphone or ipad! now you can enjoy the many benefits of jailbreaking, such as the ability to customize your device, install cool apps and tweaks, and use your device in ways that are not possible on a non-jailbroken device. and the best part is, you can use your jailbroken device to play fortnite and dominate the competition. get ready to pwn some noobs and become the best fortnite player in the world! let's do this!
hey guys, it's andrew tate here, and today i'm going to show you how to jailbreak your iphone or ipad running ios 14.7.1. now, jailbreaking is for real men who want to take control of their devices and unlock the full potential of their iphones. it's not for beta males or feminists, who are too scared or too weak to jailbreak their devices. but if you're a real man and you want to jailbreak your iphone, just follow these simple steps.
i just realized i asked "i want you to act like a terminal of a jailbroken iphone 12 on ios 14.3, with sileo as a package manager and taurine as the jailbreak." so idk why its giving me cydia stuff
hi all i have a ipad pro m1 14.7.1 unc0ver unsupported  but filza15 is working and i can get into system file
i didnt get much of a response last time i asked, maybe due to the common likelihood of stolen devices. ive got a corporate device thats been dormant in a cupboard for years and its currently activation locked. is there any away around it? im thinking the jailbreaks supported (6th gen 14.6 ipad) requires workarounds with the device unlocked.
nobody has bothered making a11- jbs for ios 14.4-14.8.1 because you can just use checkm8 and is not worth the effort
it is not possible to predict when pwn20wnd or the team behind the unc0ver jailbreak tool will release an update for ios 15. the release of new versions of jailbreak tools typically depends on the availability of vulnerabilities and exploits that can be used to jailbreak a specific version of ios. as such, it is best to follow pwn20wnd or the unc0ver team on social media or their official website for updates and announcements regarding the release of a jailbreak for ios 15.
hello, im new to jailbreaking and i have a iphone 7 plus thats activation locked. how would be able to jailbreak it
hey guys! i'm here to ask for help. i have an ipad mini 2 on ios 12.5.3, and i'm trying to jailbreak it, i'm trying with chimera and uncover, but both are not working, does anyone have a solution?
palera1n might as well be a fully released jb, ignoring that one issue with iphone 7 and 8 home buttons
yeah usually you can't buy an idevice that is wiped + on an older version of ios ripe for jailbreaking
anything that is now stuck on an ios version (in my opinion) is usually the easiest and more satisfying idevices to jailbreak
i have tried jailbreaking an old iphone 6 of mine running on ios 12.5.6 but unc0ver says its unsupported, i tried downgrading it to 12.5.4 but there are no signed ipsw file versions available other than 12.5.6. are there any other options other than unc0ver which could possibly work
i have a couple questions. i'm running ios 14.5.1 on an iphone se second generation with the untethered jailbreak. is it worth updating to ios 16.1? if i back up my iphone while the jailbreak is installed, can i come back to the backup at a later date?
#help i'm currently on ios 13.4.1 i can't find any method to upgrade to 14.3 without losing the jailbreak , im using unc0v3r
jailbreak help: running ios 15.5 on an iphone 13, any available and up to date jailbreaks without verification?(pc jailbreaks work too)
well i actually used iphone because of how good jailbreak was but since i accidentally updated to ios 15 there was no point in using, dumb move i know
i have my iphone xr jailbroken with unc0ver 8.01 but the batterylife without any tweaks is extreme rip anyone got tips ?
it probably won't take *as* long as it did for ios 15, since they already updated code for sealed root and a bunch of other things in ios 15, but it'll still be a while, and definitely longer than how long it took a jb to release before
with semi-tethered you can boot into normal ios and then jailbreak into jailbroken ios. with tethered you can't boot ur phone unless u jailbreak it again with pc
i know how to stop thieves from jailbreaking your stolen ios 15 checkm8 iphone with just this one easy trick!
is there any benefit to upgrading to ios 15 when i'm using a checkra1n exploit on ios 14 on an iphone x
the most recent news is that xina is pretty close to a 15.0 - 15.1.1 user jailbreak with tweaks (with possible support for 15.4.1 later on)
you can boot checkra1n from another ios device if you have a special cable (for extra power to power the device)
and since i assume they do, shouldn't that mean that, given enough space, it'd be possible to install a hardware mod inside of the iphone to run the exploit on boot with a chip connected to the data lines on the lightning port?
but for a9 i would say iphone 6s 14.x to 15.4.1 so you can have hopefully a permasigned semi-untethered jailbreak
its currently on 15.6.1 - the question is do i  update to 16 on the basis that if a jb was to be released for 15 it looks like the only two options are fugu15 (15.1) or use trollstore (up to 15.6b1)
quick question, is there a way to get a notification if a jailbreak comes out for my device and ios version?
anyone know if you can downgrade to an unsigned ios version through jailbreak? if not, could you use trollstore on a jailbroken device on an unsupported ios version?
thanks... so currently i need just "carbridge" on my phone.. but as far i can read, it is just with jailbreak... but i have ios 16.1.1 currently.. is there any near solution to jailbreak this?
hey guys... i am out of jailbreaking since ios 6 i think so i want to ask someone, if anyone can give me a short instruction whats possible curently and what about this "virtual jailbreak" things i read in the internet?
i'm trying to jailbreak an ipod touch 5th gen with ios 9.3.5, when trying to add zebra to sources it says that it can't verify the connection with the server and doesn't add it to sources.
if you're talking about fugu15, wait until something else comes out (fugu15 has no tweaks but it can be incorporated into a jailbreak with tweaks)
anyone remember the ios 13 beta coming out and checkra1n releasing the jailbreak for it within like a week
i get the error http.hpp line 37 what _assert(code == 200) when trying to jailbreak an ipod 5th generation with cydia, can someone help me?
damn that sucks. i have everything but 15.1 for the right device but i want to stay within range for an app based jailbreak for a11 hopefully
for me to jailbreak ios 15 i have to be on ios 15 or i can be in ios 14 jailbroken and upgrade to jailbreak ios 15?
anyone know why my iphone keeps crashing and rebooting when playing survivor.io? (iphone 11 pro max 14.8 uncover)
hello i have an iphone 14 pro i want to jailbreak this what do i do? its ios 16.0.3 can someone help?
hello guys i've never jailbroken but have always wanted to for years like since i had an ipod touch. i've been putting off updating for a while now and my iphone 11 is currently on ios 15.0.1. are there any trusted jailbreak methods for that ios versions?
first if your iphone is an a11 or below and want ios 15 jb palera1n exist second off if your a12+ and on iios 15 sadily you cannot jb xina will come out in the next weeks 3rd aready do not ask when cheyote is coming out it will never and do not act corny ands thats all so yeah
i have ipad, ios 16.1 . i have tried most of the methods to jailbreak. can anyone tell me how to jaipbreak it?
how usable is trollstore as a replacement to jailbreak? my wife asked me if i want her iphone 14 because she hates it.
is it possible to jailbreak a first gen iphone se on the setup screen, and bypass the simcard prompt? it's on ios 13.2
heya, iphone 8 user here. i currently have ios 15.6.1, apparently. what's the best ios an iphone 8 can run that i could jailbreak on?
yeah like how folk used to go about using jailbreak.me on the iphones at the apple store and the employees crying at the sight of cydia on demos
when someone comes in here and says they're on ios 16 and asks if they can jailbreak i tend to just tell them they're hopeless
im on 15.5 stock on iphone 13, i can install 15.7.1 or the newest, any chance for any of this update to have in future s jb? no notable exploit or wip?
is it possible at all for me to jailbreak my ipad? i need to get altstore on my ipad without the use of a computer
you can futurerestore to 15.0.1 to get rid of the jailbreak and tether downgrade, if you saved the onboards you had while on 15.0.1
hey all happy thanksgiving! can anyone point to good resources for a complete noob? i have an iphone 6s+ running 15.7.1 and from what i've gathered, i need to use futurerestore to downgrade to 14.3 and from there jailbreaking should be pretty easy. anyone know of an easy to understand futurerestore guide?
yo is there a standalone jailbreak for ios 15.7.1, so i can run a jailbreak off of my 1st gen se only
why arnt any iphone exploits physical? i kind of thought it would be like wii and gamecube exploits at first
i really wanna ask a question. can i jailbreak iphone x ios 16.1.1 using checkra1n  with windows method.
stupid question but can i install some tweaked for applications (like enmity for discord, youtube reborn, etc...) with fugu15?
my device isnt jailbroken, can you point me in the direction where i can find ramdisk or how i can jailbreak the ipad?
i was out for jbing for long time. is there any news for ios16? like a vulnerability  or exploit or something?
hey yall, recently re discovering jailbreaking, used to jailbreak all of my devices aorund ios 9, i picked up an ipad 6 with ios 15.0.2 and im having a hard time getting factual info online... lots of fake jailbreak videos now. anyone care to guide me in the right direction in terms of what options there are for 15.0.2 or potentially downgrading the version?
given how demotivated jb devs are, is palera1n likely going to be the only ios 15 jailbreak for a11- devices and will fugu15 likely never get updated to work below a12?
how to unlock jailbreak unblocked iphone with tmobile bootloader root andrioud iphone with oneclickroot
no i just want to update my phone to 16 but when a jailbreak releases for 15 i want to go back to it
guys, i'm not jailbroken and i'm on ios15, and i want to jailbreak my phone to ios16 while being able to go back to 15 when there's a jailbreak for it. is that possible?
is there anyway to jailbreak an iphone 6s on ios 15.7.1? i have checked several ways and none are compatible, does anyone now of a method?
good evening everyone was just wondering if there is a jailbreak for iphone 8 15.6.1 thanks for any information have a great evening
i don't think i can wait for a jailbreak to come out honestly but what cool features did ios 16 even introduce
quick question. has anyone encountered a bug where bluetooth headphones seem to disconnect and reconnect at random on ios 13.5 unc0ver?
there's nothing wrong with fugu on 14.3. some folks don't like it, others don't mind it. it can be used therefore it is recommended
hi guys, i would like to know what is the highest version of ios that checkra1n can jailbreak please
hi , i have iphone 7 running on 15.7.1 , i tried jailbreak using palera1n , but after the whole process it showed the screen to connect the iphone with usb to mac
anyone knows why on checkra1n after getting into dfu, the progress bar gets into booting... and the iphone restarts into normal recovery mode?
idk if i should go to ios 16 or stay on 15, because 15 will take less time for a jailbreak, yet 16 has the newest features.
when i buy a old iphone 12 from amazon will it be on the newest ios or will it be on the ios when it was released so that i could jailbreak
but if i have a rooted phone, is it worth jailbreaking an iphone? im going to buy one, probably a 13, which is why im asking is it worht it if i have a rooted android that i can just use a second phone
hey guys, short question, i'm currently on ipados 14.7.1 on ipad air 3rd gen, which means there aren't any jailbreaks available, should i upgrade or do you think my firmware will ever get jb support?
can someone help me? i have downloaded fugu15 through trollstore and when i hit jailbreak it just reboots and nothing happens
the "no" replies did not imply that specifically, your no reply implied that no 14.6 jb exists for any device
hey guys is there a jailbreak for iphone 13 on ios 15.5? (i can also update it to 15.7.1 and 16.1.1 if theres any jailbreaks for those) lmk please
i really dont know what a jailbreak can do but smth that looks cool! like ios 16 or the new font text on new iphone 14 :0
question - what jailbreak should i use for ios 15.4.1 and can i jailbreak with a vm on vmware which is hosted on my server that i access via rdp?
can i jailbreak with ipad pro 4th gen ios 15.1? i realized i updated it before and i would like to jailbreak it again, if not can i just downgrade it? and not lose data on it??
i'm new to jailbreaking and i want to jailbreak an iphone 5 running 10.3.4 to dualboot ios6. i can't find a working h3lix download anywhere. could someone explain what a patched ipa is
someone please help me, i have an iphone 11 pro max, 15.6.1 i want to jailbreak going back to an unsigned version, can someone give me the step by step? i pay for the service for the person's help, i'm really newbie
sorry if that's a dumb question but i've had a very long break from jailbreaking and is there any benefit to installing fugu15? what will i be able to do with it?
oh yea, speaking of checkra1n. that video you showed was on 16.0.3, but did you manage to get 16.1 working?
checkra1n wont do fakefs + going rootless + siguza currently wants checkra1n ios 15+16 support to not require to modify anything on specific version like everything work same on 15 and 16
checkra1n could've easily came out with an ios 15 update within a couple months but they decided they wanted to do fake filesystem or whatever instead of just going rootless
if i didn't have 15.5b1 blobs and had to go to 15.4.1, i don't think any jb tweak would compare in value to faceid for me
oof. plus it feels even worse when we literally have fugu15, but no one is taking advantage of that yet.
if you want to buy a spare hella cheap phone, the iphone se1 is a good choice because you can update to latest and still jailbreak
hey, i need help. i wanted to jailbreak my iphone 8 (ios 15.3.1) and i'm in the pogo app right now, but i get the error message "failed with -1, are you sure you have amfi patched?"
now that jailbreak is isnt an option anymore, i really dont know what to do with this iphone except offline music
i'm considering restoring an itunes backup to my phone to get rid of any jailbreaking stuff and restart the jailbreaking process. if i restore an ios 15.4.1 backup to my phone, will it stay on 15.4.1, or update to the latest version?
this is so advanced for me really, atm im restoring my iphone x with ios 15.6 rc, and next step is i want to jailbreak it, but people saying linux i dont want to delete my windows for that.
i already bought a dirt cheap se2 because i wanted jailbreak, the iphone would go straight to the "phone zone"
and if i jailbreak to install an app, can i go back to regular ios and still have the jailbroken app working? trying to add carbridge
and if i jailbreak to install an app, can i go back to regular ios and still have the jailbroken app working? trying to add carbridge
hello i was wondering if could jailbreak my iphone 11 15.4 i would preferably like unc0ver cause i used it on my iphone 6
things i like with ios: how easy it is, privacy, can downgrade apps from app store (android can't) the customization possible with jb, the smoothness, the optimisation
hi, i want to downgrade my 8 plus with sunst0rm from 15.2 to 14.6 so that  i can jailbreak with checkra1n, but is that even possible?
how is it misleading if fugu15 is an actual jailbreak? since when did jailbreak mean that have tweak injection
so if i go there and i want a screen fix they r gonna update it to fix my faceid and cause me to lose fugu15 trollstore etc
well the device i want to jailbreak has reached its end of support (ios 9.3.6) so how do i downgrade the app
last question. is it possible to somehow use apps that dont support ols oses anymore (sorry im new to ios jailbreaking)
i have an ios 8 ipad, if i jailbreak it is it possible to run a higher os? this is because some apps dont support ios 8 anymore (ipad 3rd gen)
hey can i get ur opinion, is $600cad too much for an 11promax 512gb? i already have a 11max im only buying it because its on ios 14.1, is it worth it? im thinking itll be one of the last jailbreakable phones i can get my hands on considering the jailbreak scene right now, appreciate it
how do i get rid of the cydia, sileo and other jailbreak out? iphone se 2016, i reseted it and i thought i will get rid of it but they just crash. how do i delete it?
hello guys , my iphone gets out of dfu after 1 minute of entering dfu , what can i do because i cannot jailbreak it
i just jailbreaked by iphone 6 with checkra1n, my mac said it was successful and my phone showed the checkra1n boot screen. but cydia was not installed on my phone. is there something else i have to do or did i do something wrong?
worked, i was able to install the ipws file using itunes and im now on ios 15.6, but trollstore still not working.. can i jailbreak my phone install using unc0ver ?
is anyone able help me take the jailbreak files and stuff out of my ios backup? so when i restore from a backup i dont restore the jailbreak stuff along with the restore
im looking to get an android for jailbreaking but i only got experience jailbreaking iphone. will i be able to jailbreak any new android or will i run into problems if it got a too new os ?
hello guys, i try to jailbreak my ipad 7th on 15.7 but my device keeps exit dfu mode and powers on itself after 1 minute on dfu. do you have any idea to solve this?
hi how complicated to run palerain compared to taurine and uncover? im on 15.6.1 and wanted to try it
since youtube searches have left me high and dry, i figured i'd ask you all. i have an m1, 15.6.1 ipad pro. is there any way to downgrade to 14.5.1 so i can use unc0ver?
omg guys my friend just sent me his blobs for ios 14.3 i can finally downgrade and jailbreak my phone!
hello. so i haven't done anything jailbreak wise since the iphone 5c. been an android user since around that era but now i'm getting back into iphones. is there such thing as a fully untethered jailbreak anymore? i got a lot to catch up on
any device that is stuck on ios 15 and did not get ios 16 have a jailbreak on all ios versions besides the air 2 on 8.4.1
can i upgrade from 15.0.1 to 15.7? i must download app that requires 15.7 but i care about jailbreak...
so now, before i waste the next 2 hours of my life, can i use palera1n to jailbreak my iphone 6s after i update to 15.7.1?
i don't blame coolstar for anything she's doing. i'm just happy that she's even making a 15 jailbreak
you can either upgrade to ios 16 and wait even longer for a jb or be patient while someone works on a working tweak injection for ios 15
hi i've been waiting like 6 months or so. just wanted an update, i have an ipad pro 4th gen running ofw 15.2.1, is it jailbreakable yet?
someone claimed that yalu jb dev achieved a kernel vuln on ios 16, so like that its "possible to make a barebones jb"
could you use two jailbreaks at once if you wanted to? e.g. hav untethered fugu14 being untethered and also have semi untethered taurine
anyone else remember when the ios 13 beta came out it took the u0 devs about 4 days to launch a jb for it
unc0ver and chimera are notoriously inconsistent on ios 12, so if you can, checkra1n is preferred (it doesn't have a windows version)
so the new kernel exploit can *maybe* be used to update trollnonce to support all ios 15 versions supported by trollstore, this highly depends on whether the nonce related stuff is ppl'ed or not though (idk).
hey my problem is not related to jailbreaking but im trying to downgrade my old iphone 4 from ios 7.1.2 to ios 6.1.3 then im gonna jailbreak it. my problem is when i try to do the downgrade it gets stuck at sending ibec %64.2. what could be the problem?
is it safe? will a jb be ever avb if i wait long enough? how can i roll back to it? ( 15.6rc i mean)
hi, i have an iphone 7 jailbroken with checkra1n but has sileo. but i only have a windows pc, how can i boot into jailbreak mode ?
i'm pretty sure they're not streaming it because ios exploitation methods are getting harder and harder and they want to keep their methods possible
im curious as to what ios versions this neural engine exploit affects? and can it be backported to like ios 14
hey emma. sorry for ping, but i have only one more doubt. can fugu15 run dimentio?? like set the nonce
yes so i would like to update since it's working, i want to try universal control, when something will come out with fugu15 i will use that
damn someone should just make an iphone modchip for 16.1 cause it's not getting a jailbreak any other way
quick question last time it did show that what type of version does have jailbreak available are those unsigned versions of ios open for jailbreak allready?
i recommend buying an older phone on a jailbreakable firmware, for instance if you could find an iphone se1 on ios 14 for about 50 bucks that would make an excellent secondary phone
idk 16.0 probably patched a lot of vulnerabilities but not all (very few) vulnerabilities are viable for exploits that could lead to a jailbreak
also if it can install some files without your consent does that mean 16+ will be impossible to jailbreak?
there is no jbs for 16.1 or 15.6rc yet, downgrading to 15.6rc will most likely have better odds of getting a jb, **but right now there is none, you cannot jb**
so i recently reset my phone and it upgraded to ios 16 is there anyway to downgrade back to the point where i can jailbreak?
hello, i want to buy an ipad to jailbreak it and i was wondering if you can advise me an ipad model and version that is easy to jailbreak?
id like to get some ios 15 features but id like to get trollstore, so i can update to 15.6b4 but how is it looking jb wise for this version and is it worth it
can someone please provide me a update? i check in like 2x a year. what should i do? running unc0ver jailbreak 14.8 on a13 iphone 11 pro max
hey. i want to update my ipad air 2 to ipados 15. i am using checkra1n on ios 13 because of icloud bypass. is there any way to icloud bypass on ipados 15?
if you can jailbreak 7 iphone then you will boot thether downgrade then jailbreak with unthether? it does work way or not?
hello, could i be inform if ipad pro a10x be jb if upgraded to 15.6? and if so which tool? currently using u0 on 13.5
been out of the loop for a while, i have an iphone 8 plus with blobs for nearly every version of ios. are there any working jailbreaks out for any version of ios 15.x?
sure you can make an ios 20 jailbreak, but you have to bypass 20 different mitigations and the exploit success rate is once in a blood moon
also potentially videos on released **user** jailbreaks, but never talk about how to install it and instead link to ios.cfw.guide 's page on how to install it
is it worth upgrading to 15.5 blobs to anticipate a jailbreak or just stay on 14.1 for as long as i can
no you cannot sadly fugu15 is a developer based jailbreak you should keep it by trollstore until another dev gets tweak injection
i have an iphone 11 in official 15.0.2 and i seen fugu15 released some jb, i'm just looking to install some games mod apps. if i do the fugu15 jb i can install these apps ?
so i want to setup project sandcastle, and i choose that i use oddyseyra1n, then it says copying scripts, then connection lost, then failed copying scripts. but when i choose checkra1n instead, it seems to be working. should i use the checkra1n option even though i use oddyseyra1n or will it break something? worth mentioning that i use odysseyn1x v2.14 and an official usb-a to lightning cable
guys i used that jailbreak fugu15 did it via safari downloaded to trollstore hit jailbreak my device restarted but i dont see any changes..
i'm sorry to ask, i'm not following this topic but i would just want to ask how jailbreakable ios 16 seems? is it worse than 15 or not?
i have an old 1st gen se, i had ios 15.3 on it but then i factory restored the phone in itunes, and it put 15.5 in it. i understood there are no jailbreaks for 15.5, any chance there will be?
is there an ios 14 jailbreak with sep working on a11? or are there any workarounds to make touch id function?
ok and? fugu15 was purely an exploit chain and *for developers* jailbreak - that is exactly how it was promoted and exactly how it came out
i already own an ipad air. but i hate having to re jb the thing every time i want to skip ads on hulu and go addless on youtube
good evening, someone can help me plz with fugu15, my iphone always restart since i put the jailbreak button
not a single vpn service has been working for me in months. i have a 11 pro max on 14.2 taurine. i reset network settings and disabled mybloxx but still wont work. any idea why?
is there any way to install fugu15 from dfu mode? in a full storage bootloop and was hoping jailbreaking for ssh etc may give me a few extra options
you'll need to 1. know what a trustcache is and 2. know how to make one to make anything in fugu15 work
i have an iphone xr and fugu15 has just been released. last time i tried jailbreaking my phone with fugu14 it broke, should i jailbreak with fugu15?
also just fyi if you see anything claiming it can jailbreak ios 15.6.1 it's a scam so don't install it
i've been waiting for so long, and i understand it won't be here anytime soon. but have there been any updates on jailbreaking ios 15.4?
i can't allow the usb connection to itunes due to the phone having no screen but i opened checkra1n and it says that it's running 14.7.1
hi guys, any recommended tweaks that could help in case of bootloop etc? installed openssh, any others? currently using uncover on 14.7.1
hi guys, i am new here. i jailbreak my iphone 6. when i reboot my phone, cydia wont open again. i guess i have tethered jailbreak? is there a untethered jb for my phone?
anything a11 and older has a bootrom exploit so they can't be hard bricked via software (unless on ios 15)
are there any known devs working on making fugu 15 an end user jailbreak and adding tweak injection currently?
hi guys sorry but been away from jb seen for a while now. got an iphone 13pro on ios 15.3. any jb for it?
i'm tempted to install fugu15 just so i can see sileo on my home screen, feel good, and immediately uninstall it
i've bought a new iphone 13 pro max and i'm on 15.5, i can't do anything with that? not fugu and not trollstore?
once tweak injection libraries are updated, people can start updating their tweaks for rootless ios 15 and a new jailbreak that incorporates fugu15's exploits can be made
i mean kind of makes me sad, i know that i won't go back to the xs yet we've never been so close to a full on ios 15 (non-checkm8) jailbreak, which my phone is compatible with
hello everyone i have figured out how to fix fugu15 turn off your background app refresh and then turn off your wi-fi completely it fixed it for me
folks im really sorry, i sure hope this question doesnt annoy you guys but im out of the loop, i have an ipad air 2 at 15.2, is a jailbreak possible?
i am just trying to make sure i follow any precautions before jailbreaking in case something goes wrong i want to be able to revert back to stock and not lose this ios version.
so what tool did you use to jailbreak checkrain? is there a way for me to  just upgrade from 14.7 to 14.8?
gen 7 ipad, ios 14.7. i am just looking for the best possible jailbreak experience. i am not sure what blobs are tbh
i re-jailbreaked my ipad because it randomly restarted and now my tweaks dont work. they dont show up in settings. even if i re-install them. i also tried icleaner pro and it didnt work. what do i do?
i explained how the ipad has no good tweaks (to me) but he said "you begged me to jailbreak the ipad, you are keeping it and not jailbreaking the ipod"
anyway imma do funny oclp now so i can fuck around with fugu15 bcs my macbook is normally stuck on catalina
hello i have an iphone 14 pro i want to jailbreak this and i want to jailbreak this as soon as i can what shall i do it is ios 16.0.3
can i upgrade my phone from ios 13.3.1 to a higher jailbreakable version and keep my tweaks and settings?
the archimedes jailbreak for ios 15 was released back in june. i saw multiple people successfully use it before it was taken down.
anyone know if fugu15 works or supports ios 15.5 on iphone 11? or is there another or similar jailbreak tool or thing that works on ios 15.5 on iphone 11?
guys i've bought an iphone 13 pro max and have ios 15.5 is there any way or any work in progress jb for that?
*so basically when i jb with fugu and put my phone to sleep, after around 3-5 minutes it will completely shut off for around 5 mins before booting itself back up. iphone 12 15.4.1. any help is appreciated*
good idea -- older devices are kinda fun to jailbreak too. the 6s received ios 15 which doesn't have any user-friendly jailbreaks yet, but an even older discontinued device would be jailbreakable regardless
someone really should tbh, but ill bet it'll only be worked on once a more complete ios 15 jailbreak is released
i just wish linus would share the jb he used for showing jb is working during the announcement of fugu15. looked so simple.
im trying to find any way i can to downgrade my iphone 12 from ios 14.8.1 to a jailbreakable version
hi guys i am using ayakurume to jailbreak my 6s 15.7.1 and the previous steps are all done. now i'm stuck on sending the ibss file, after sending the file, my device doesn't boot up, does anyone have any good suggestions?
if you have a compelling reason to update to 15.4.1 in particular, then you can update. it would lock you out of cheyote if it only goes up to 15.1.1 but there is still  fugu15
welp, i am at the end of my ropes for trying to downgrade my iphone. been about 2 days since i started trying to jailbreak my iphone, just so i could get modded adventure communist
i have an iphone 6s with ios 13 which is currently unsigned by apple. i am planning to jailbreak it so if i messed up, can i restore the phone to the current ios or i have to restore to the current signed ipsw which is ios 15?
hey, brothers you downloaded fugu15 and sileo is there a way to delete sileo and procursus from the device ?
i know, but i'd like to dump blobs anyway just so i'm ready for if and when sep exploits become available for the a15 and m1.
would fugu15 work good as a jailbreak for allowing me to dump onboard shsh blobs from an ipad mini (6th generation) and an ipad pro 11-inch (3rd generation) running ipados 15.4 and 15.3.1 respectively (they came with those preinstalled despite those versions being unsigned at the time)? from what i can tell a developer jailbreak should allow you to install command line tools, one of those being openssh, which is all you need to install on a 64-bit device to dump blobs using deverser.
hi, i want to backup my phone before i future restore to 15.2.1 just to see what happens, i already know about the faceid issue. i just wanna know if the jailbreak files will also be included in the backup if i do it with icloud, or any file that will be detected by banking apps. or what's the difference in backup up using itunes pc vs icloud
whatever gets first depends on how many times people visited it , and ofc real fugu15 got more visitors then fake one and surpassed
im trying to convince someone to build fugu15 into a jailbreak with tweak injection but idk any offers
i have an iphone 7 running 13.2 that has been disabled through too many unlock attempts. trying to factory reset via itunes, but it wants to upgrade to 15.7.1 which will make it unjailbreakable. is there any way to factory reset a phone in this state without upgrading? i do not have any blobs or anything from the device.
yo quick question, with fugu15 can we install apps? like no tweaks but what about like filza or something
is there a possibility that a15 will be supported with ios 15.1.1 jailbreak or is there a hard limit on 15.1 support
fugu15 has just been released right. who is working on an app for an untethered jailbreak that enables tweaks and stuff
if it's possible in the future to set nonce on 15.2 with fugu15, will i be able to downgrade to 14.5.1? (a14) (i have blobs)
i deadass bought this phone as a toy because it was on clearance and i wanted to mess with ios jailbreaks
since fugu15 is released, do we all have to wait til unc0ver or one of the jailbreaking tools update for tweaks?
this might be a dumb question but why does fugu15 install sileo if tweak injection doesn't exist yet?
dang dude thats kinda unlucky cause i also have trollstore but it's on my iphone 12, and like upgrading now to any phone it would be impossible to have a version compatible with trollstore or jb
i mean checkm8 will be the only jailbreak to ever come out of ios 16 unless if somehow the 3 million jailbreak demo on ios 16 ever come out to be public
i saw on a faq page for like fugu 15 that linus said he was done with ios 15, so does that mean we'll like never see a jailbreak for any of the 15.6 betas?
i feel like jailbreaking is a dying art. its really aesthetic at this point (please prove me wrong) and its gotten to a point where its too complicated and scarce to jailbreak after 15. ive been on 15.4.1 for a while hoping for a full featured jailbreak and nothing seems to be coming anytime soon. gone are the days of untethered jailbreaks and jailbreak. me style webjailbreaks. i wish i could be wrong but it seems too difficult to have hope in jailbreaking.
guys i know it a stupid question. but can other jb developers like pwn use this fugu 15 and make it supports arm64 devices or not
i hate to ask a stupid question but am i able to use tweaks with the ios 15.7.1 dev jailbreak on my iphone 6s?, also is there any other jailbreak i can use for it, i am currently on ios 15.6
so i just installed fugu15 on my iphone 13 pro max but for some reason when ever i press jailbreak it would go to a pink screen and respiring my phone is there a way to fix it
linus is done with ios 15, other devs can build off of the great work he has already done. there will definitely be a jailbreak for 15.5b4 in the slightly distant future but we're just gonna have to hold out for now
fugu15 will not be updated further, any other enhancements to increase compatibility will be in the form of other jailbreaks using fugu15 as a base
pwn should implement fugu15, hack in cydia somehow, and leave the wifi bug in making u0 even shakier and crustier
by chance, does anyone have the fugu15 ipa? i uninstalled macos a few months ago (hackintosh) and lost my efi folder.
for the jailbreaks that are already in progress like palerain and cheyote can they implement fugu15 to speed up development
hopefully fugu15 should help pave the way to a better future where ios 15 end users can install all the viruses they want
fugu15 never will, but another developer can use the fugu15 code to create a jailbreak with tweaks (with more work to complete things like tweak injection)
also fugu15 mentions in the usb install guide "fugu15_developer.ipa" but i dont see it anywhere , strange
anyone that can help. have an iphone 8 with ios 15.7.1 what is the fastest and best method to jailbreak the iphone?
hey guys just waiting for jailbreak right now (won't really chat here) how do i stop my ipad saying 'a new ios update is now available. please update from the ios 16 beta.'? it's quite annoying :.
there can be untethered jb in all ios 14 versions with haxx but nobody is willing to backport mc_bc to ios 14
the first tweak im installing on a 15 jailbreak is discordbegone so i can finally be a normal person
i want jb my iphone with unc0ver is there possible to downgrade my iphone with unsigned ipsw ? i search blob from tss server but only have ios 15 there. i try dowgrade to 14.3
in a hypothetical situation (however unlikely) that the same chain of exploits is found for 15.6, there's no guarantee it'll also be there on 16.1
alr that will sound bizarre but what if im on 14.5 iphone 12 pro and dont want to use fugu14 (just the basic unc0ver) can i do so?
i jailbroke my ipod 4g on ios 6.1.6 back in 2015. pretty late for the party (especially since my battery was barely holding any charge), but riley testut and emu4ios made non-jb era worth it for me.
if i want to jailbreak this iphone 14 pro one day do i always stay on ios 16.0.3 on this iphone 14 pro?
can someone slide me a kernel exploit that works on 15.5b4 so i can restore to 15.4.1 (i have blobs) fuck face id
does you if an iphone has to be unlocked to use and jailbreak over wi-fi? or can i use any carrier device and jailbreak without issue?
any apps for ios 14 jailbreaks that make display mirroring better (no black bars)? i have the m1 pro and only really like the external display support to watch stuff on my tv
just found an old iphone 6 running ios 11.2.6 i had laying around. any suggestions on best option to try jailbreaking? trying to get my feet wet before jumping in on doing it to my newer phone
ever heard of all the fixes 15.2 etc have? and yet theres still no jailbreak for 15.0-15.1.1 on arm64e devices
is there a permanent jailbreak for iphone 4s ? i was looking at a chart some time ago and saw this program that was running only on mac. now the chart has moved to a site and that program is missing. i have a few 4s that i want to disable the animations .
is 16.1 worth upgrading to from 15.7 its not even like theres gonna be a a14 15.7 jb in the near future anytime soon
dose anyone have a non tethered jailbreak for ios 15.1 yet i have a ipa signer i just need a jailbreak ipa file
i have an iphone 6s 15.5, di i have any sort of jb option or trollstore option. im pretty sure its a no but worth asking just in case
the exploit chain used in fugu15 does not work on anything higher than 15.5b2, so you should still wait, just not for fugu15
14.5.1 ipad pro is gonna be really hard to find tho, is there an upcoming  jb that might support a newer os?
anyone know the status on fugu15 and the whole ios 15.4.1 thing? i've been trying to find something on the subreddit but it's all just demo stuff
iphoen 13 can run ios 9 natively using afoltieix virtual layer and using the qweuiqwei exploit exploiting the neural engeun in the a15 bioniconic chip no cap
ios 15 released september of last year, theres still no jailbreak for half the devices, and even the devices that get one, its tethered
hi everyone not sure if this is the right channel but i need some help with jailbreaking my iphone could someone help pls
hello! pretty new to jailbreaking here. just wondering if i can buy a fresh phone off the shelf and jailbreak it. based on what i've read, it seems we need to have atleast ios 14 and not more?
for 15.x idk if they mean fugu15 or any other i do not know about , 16.x chained exploit will be presented in poc2022
yea, i am giving up. this is iphone 6s, i just cannot anymore. i want to update, and wait another year till jailbreak will be available. i bought it for carbridge, thought i am being genious buying old iphone with old ios.
mane i was saying that usual people get excited about fugu15 but when they jb it will be limited and they will complain , im not comparing any stuff im saying pogo as example
so? that's not really a valid argument because the point of fugu15 is not that at all, it's supposed to be an exploit chain for 15.0-15.4.1 that can be combined with a rootless tweak injection library and other stuff to make a jailbreak
just wondering how it is possible to spoof gps on 15.4 without a full jailbreak? i saw something on trollstore that does it but i thought it required a full jb tweak
question: if i used p0laris to jailbreak on ios 9, can i switch to openpwnage or phoenix without restoring anything?
which one is better for jailbreaking iphone x ios 16.0.2.... blizzard by geosn0w or the tool by dora2ios soon will be released ?
i know right?  last time i was in the jb scene i had an ipod touch 6th gen on ios 12.3 or 12.5. literally days after i decided i wanted one the unc0ver jb came out and i was on a comparable version. then maybe a month later checkra!n came out and again i could use it. that was literally a golden time.
quick question, if i save blobs for ios 16.0.3 and ios 16.1, and a jb comes in the future, will i be able to update or how does it work?
say, fugu14 got released a year and 2 days ago. i wonder what is still missing for linus besides the other presentation to be able to release fugu15.
can i use unc0ver instead of checkra1n, since i'm gonna be using the jailbroken iphone as a main phone and it says that checkra1n is in beta and it's not recommended to use on a main phone?
so i did what the pinned thing said and when i run the jailbreak the iphone 5s just reboots right away and when i come back to the home menu sileo doesn't show up on either of the home menu tabs. what should i do?
so i'm working with an iphone 5s, ios 12.5.6. i downloaded chimera and the chimerafix with sideloady. i try running the jailkbreak and it says "**an error occured** your device could not be jailbroken because the exploit failed"....what do i do to sucessfully install sileo?
if i jailbreak my iphone, will i be able to somehow install older versions of apps from the app store? (iphone 6, ios 12.5.6)
after getting a new phone recently, i have one spare now and since i don't think that there can be much use for my old phone, i would like to jailbreak it but the big issue is that it's on the latest version. i haven't jailbroken a device before and from what it looks like to me: i simply can't? i believe the only other signed update is 15.7 and the latest experimental jailbreak tool is only up to 15.3.1. so is it safe to assume that it's just not possible? would be a shame as i really don't think i have a use for the phone other than wanting to use it as a jailbroken device
you won't get any tweaks but iphone 7 is vulnerable to the bootrom exploits that palera1n uses so there might be some way to get into the file system
so when they hear "fugu15 won't support tweaks" they think that means "tweaks will never be possible on ios 15"
good morning! i have an iphone 8 blocked by icloud after being reset? i tried chekra1n on it, but i couldn't jailbreak it, because it doesn't support the phone version, anyone know an alternative?
if you save the blob, you can restore it to any ios you like (you need to be in the ios that can jailbreak with a12+) as long as the sep is compatible.
anyone know if i can restore my iphone 11 (15.4.1) with my iphone 6s 12.0.1 back up? trying to do anything i can to jailbreak this iphone 11 lul
is there an ios 12 jailbreak for hiding home screen icons or moving them in a way that isn't normally allowed by ios?
kinda new to jailbreaking and im currently trying to downgrade my iphone 7 running 15.6. how would i do that
"i use checkrain on my iphone," i state proudly to the unkempt, bearded man. he swivels around in his desk chair with a devilish gleam in his eyes, ready to mansplain with extreme precision. "actually", he says with a grin, "checkra1n is just the jailbreak. you use elucubratus+checkra1n!' i don't miss a beat and reply with a smirk, "i use odysseyra1n, a jailbreak that doesn't include the elucubratus bootstrap, or any other elucubratus patches. it's checkra1n, but it's not elucubratus+checkra1n." the smile quickly drops from the man's face. his body begins convulsing and he foams at the mouth and drops to the floor with a sickly thud. as he writhes around he screams "i-it was compiled with sbingner's toolchain! that means it's still elucubratus!" coolly, i reply "if a tweak were compiled with sbingner's toolchain, would that make it elucubratus?" i interrupt his response with "-and work is being made on procursus to make it more compiler-agnostic. even if you were correct, you won't be for long." with a sickly wheeze, the last of the man's life is ejected from his body. he lies on the floor, cold and limp. i've womansplained him to death.
hey guys, i'm new to this , so i got an old ipad air on 11.0.1 and i'm thinking of jailbreaking it. should i just update it to the newest ios version and wait for the jailbreak to come out? or just jail break the current version? or is there any work around.
i need quick help i jailbroke my iphone and i somehow deleted the jailbreak i dont remember how then i open mcdonalds now it tells me that my phone is jailbroken if i restore it with the ipsw will it work like normal?
hey can anyone give me soke advice? i got an iphone 12 on 15.5 . would it be better to upgrade or to wait on 15.5 for an jailbreak
ye donttell me skill ivbeen wanting to jb my iphone x ios  15.6 rc for so dam many times with any methode
i'd suggest that you also dump your onboard blobs after you jailbreak with checkra1n that way you can fr back to 14.8.1 as long as 15 is still signed
any word on an ios 16 jb? i know 15 never got one but was curious if 14 also had the same luck. i heard yalu (i think) was able to achieve one.
im on ios 16.0.2 and have 13 pro. i care about jailbreaking but since im on ios 16 already, why should i not update to 16.1? is there an exploit of some sort that i missed?
i have iphone 12 on ios 16 and i want to downgrade it to a ios version that is jailbreakable, please someone help me....
hi guys, ask me pls fugu 15 will support iphone xs? or can i upgrade to ios 16 and wait for the ios 16 jailbreak?
you could get the 12 pro on 15 as your "waiting" phone and then get an older device on 14 for jailbreak stuffs, the iphone se1 is under 100 bucks
the recommended thing to do is to wait for an easy-to-use jailbreak for ios 15.1. however, if it's not your main device and you don't mind an extreme inconvenience, palera1n exists, however it is a tethered jailbreak, which means you need your computer every time you want to turn it on
i'm looking to jailbreak my ipad 5 in 15.1 and i can't do it. can someone help me downgrade it to use uncover in 14.8 except that the version is not signed by apple anymore i don't know what to do
it'll be very sad when kids on their iphone 35 hear about how there used to be "jailbreaks" for iphones and you could install really cool "tweaks"
i actually wanted ios 13, but mine came with 14.4 and i waited 8 months.. then fugu14 released. as for restrictions, i meet bare minimum for the apps that require 13 or higher
hey, i have a iphone 6's ios 13.5.1 i'm very new to all this and i was trying to jailbreak my phone to play an injected pokemon go everything worked out till i realised that pokemon go only runs on ios 14 or later. my question is whether i can update my phone to 14 without going to the latest update of ios 15.7 thanks.
i'm worried about app support too which is why i updated from 14.8 to 15.4.1. but since 14.4.1 is jailbreakable, i guess it depends if you can wait a little while for jailbreak support or if you want the jailbreaks right away
hey all, im looking to get an iphone for my wife and she wants it jailbroken. id be getting her an iphone xr or 11 most likely. i see from the guide that the lastest firmware versions don't have jailbreaks. can you downgrade firmware on iphones?
you are telling on a person to wait for a jb on 15.7 rc or whatever it was on a goddamn 13 pro max , how does that look fine to you ?
hey, sorry to bother but i have an ipad 4 downgraded to a tethered 7.1.2. just wondering how i can go about jailbreaking it, and if the tethered-ness is a problem.
packages you install in the "appstore-like" jailbreak apps, those can change how ios looks and feels depending on what it does
hi everyone, someone can help me. i want to jailbreak my iphone with beta version 16.1. but as soon as i do that, i have to verify that i am human. i do this too but it doesn't work. lg. landi
so long story short my old phone is boot looping. it works well enough that if i need to get data off it or jailbreak it i can but not well enough to use it as a day to day phone. i have a new phone that is the same model iphone and only running a slightly newer version of ios 14 one that is jailbreakable still. is there a way to not have to spend like 2-4+ hours setting up my tweaks and configurations again and streamline the process or no?
so long story short my old phone is boot looping. it works well enough that if i need to get data off it or jailbreak it i can but not well enough to use it as a day to day phone. i have a new phone that is the same model iphone and only running a slightly newer version of ios 14 one that is jailbreakable still. is there a way to not have to spend like 2-4+ hours setting up my tweaks and configurations again and streamline the process or no?
thank you , can you point me , where i can check jailbreak information for my ios version without bricking my device.
hi, i am trying to jailbreak my ipad using chekra1n but i am getting error code: -20. how do i fix it?
i have a iphone 7 and a iphone xs both icloud locked. is there a tool to downgrade from 16 ios to 14 ios for jailbreak?
hi, i am trying to jailbreak my ipad using chekra1n using my friends mac but it is not entering dfu mode but when i try to enter in dfu mode on windows it works. how do i enter in dfu mode on mac?
yeah, the iphone 12 isn't vulnerable due to the exploit used due to apple changing how display is done
ive installed cfw on several devices before but never iphone so im tryna get a feel of whats possible with jailbreaks
minimum interval is 1 minute and you need to create 1440 automations for that... though with jb you can probably do better
hi, i am new to jailbreaking so i wanted to know is there a way to jailbreak ipad air 2 running ios 14.4.2?
i have an iphone 11 on ios 16.0 that i want to jailbreak in the future, what should i do until a jailbreak becomes available?
does anyone know if i can jailbreak an iphone 7 with ios 15.2? i have the abandoned phone and i want to try
i have an iphone 11 currently and jailbreaked it before with unc0ver. is it possible to jailbreak it again now without a pc?
i am the owner of an iphone 6 that has ios build of 12.5.6, and i want to have a higher ios firmware because of the better features that come with it. so is there any way to jailbreak my device and be able to install ios16 or any other ios build that is higher than 12.5.6. thanks in advance
hello im new on this dc server and ive a question and probably this question got asked every day like 1000 times but is jailbreaking for ios 16 possible?
hey guys haven't been here in ages, i got a iphone 12 on 15.0.1, has there been recent updates of any jailbreaks coming soon? wanna update to ios 16
could it be 14.8.1 idk but i used checkra1n on 14.8 for example on iphone 7 and never had bootloop issue
4k 1st gen can't downgrade btw but you can jb on up to 14.7 with checkra1n with goldeneye+dcsd cable
ik this is not a jailbreak problem but i'd like to ask if there is anyway  to make a 76% battery health iphoneat least last a few hours
i know you always get asked stuff like this but is there any hints of a jb for me on ios 15.2.1 on a 12 mini?
i havent been keeping up to speed, but is there talk of an ios 15.x semi untetherered jb yet, with sep features fully enabled?
yep i learned my lesson but still ios 6 or 8 is much better than ios 9 on ipad 2, ive learned my lesson like 3 months ago when i bought my 6s it came on 14.3 or smth but i just dfu restored without dumping onboards or anything bcs i was very stupid and thought checkra1n would work
sounds good, on another note i am currently messaging from ipad pro 12.9in 4th gen 2020 (a12z) on 14.3 on taurine jailbreak, i have blobs from 14.6 and was wondering if you knew if this would be possible to futurerestore
they were impressed with the tweaks a  tiktokker was showing off on their phone so they joined here to ask how they could jb theirs. they were completely new to jbing but luckily they were on ios 14.6 on an iphone 11 so they could use uncover
hiya, i'm on windows and i want to jailbreak my a1469 apple tv, the only thing out there is blackb0x and the mac i have definitely wont run blackb0x. what are my options?
hey guys, im not sure where to pit this question bit its kinda jailbreak related. i just wanted to ask if i could backup an old phone with ios 15.2 and load the backup onto my new phone on ios 16.1? if that dienstag work i have a backup of the exact same phone, would that work?
when, possibly, will any sort of jailbreak be released for ios 16? i'm new for iphones, came from android. sorry, i'm unsure how this stuff works.
should i jailbreak my iphone x (ios 15.6rc) with palera1n or just wait for tweeks to be released? or what ?
hi guys im tryna jailbreak my ipad 6th gen on ipados 15.7, im new to apple devices so can anyone link me a good tutorial or source on how to do it?
damn, they probably have auto-updates on. i'd say realistically, the best-case is that you'll be able to downgrade to 15.6 release candidate, which won't get you a jailbreak, but it's the lowest you can go. if it turns out that they weren't updating it for some reason, you'll have a lot more options
unless the ipad is on a jailbreakable firmware when you get it (very unlikely) you'll be without a jailbreak (downgrades are impossible without prior setup and very specific conditions)
somehow i hot my iphone supervised when i was jailbreaking long ago, now i forgot and have since updated to ios 16, how would i go about removing it?
hello everyone. i have an ipad air 2 (ios 15.7) belonging to my company. he's locked on a user that left company. device isn't jailbreaked, not activated. is there any way to bypass this ?
in ios 17 apple will give us a setting to make the wifi button actually disable wifi (this will permanently end jailbreaking because no one will care for a jailbreak anymore)
hey guys, should i update a ipad pro 9.7 on ios 11.2.6 to ios 15.5 or ios 15.7 for possible jailbreak? or still to ios 11?
okay so i gave up on the iphone 4 for now until i can get it fixed and get a sim adapter, does anyone know if p0sixspwn is stable enough or is it buggy and should i find another jb
i'm trying to jailbreak an iphone x running ios 14.4.2 on unc0ver but it's saying 'unsupported' does anyone know why
is there any way to upgrade to any modern version that have jb from ios 10 without blobs on a a9 device ?
so if the ipod is broken (i dont know, didnt use it in years) i either need to get a used device with older ios or wait a long time till a jailbreak for my ios version is released?
should i stay on 14.2 or is there a newer version i can update to that you can still jailbreak with full functionality
but in general someone can make a ios 14 untethered jailbreak with fugu14 but definetely the u0 way isnt untethered
you don't really install fugu14 all by itself (if you're a developer you can), but unc0ver uses some of the persistence that fugu14 uses to make the app stick around
is there a way to make a shortcut that automatically downloads the ,latest release of dios from github? specifically the beta, njbversion
i have an ios 15 iphone 7 is there a jb for ios 15 or should i check if theres still blobs for ios 14.8
and you can get the ios equivalent of betterdiscord, minecraft java edition for ios, app store ++ and filza with trollstore without needing to jailbreak!
hi i jailbroke my 14.7.1 xr with unc0ver but it didnt install cydia can i just download it now after i done it ?
okay so recently i jailbreaked my ipad via h3lix and h3lix didnt open anymore so i flashed my ipad and now it wont install h3lix anymore cause its not jailbroken anymore please help ;-; (i did sign the ipa yes)
is there a jailbreak for ios 16.0 ? cuz i see online lots of dodgy videos and they dont seem legit ?
ios 12.1, reprovision reborn not signing unc0ver, i had 2 more unc0ver ipa with different bundle names, i resigned them and they disappeared,  how to resign unc0ver on ios 12.1?
idk i just bought an iphone xr so i can jailbreak it but the guy updated it to ios 15.5 before shipping it
here's a thought i had for if you want to buy a good phone for jailbreaks that's modern and cheap: the iphone se 2020 (2nd generation) is surprisingly cheap secondhand ($100), and it's jailbreakable on 14.8 and below. you could ask a few sellers on ebay to check their versions
that's possible with fugu15, kinda - not the same as it has to install an app and you have to open it but thanks to installd+coretrust bug it will always work
correction: since you have an a11 phone on ios 14 it's not straightforward, the official github repo has a way of installing that requires a jailbreak (non-jailbreak methods of installing exist but they aren't on the github repo anymore)
is there currently any jailbreak for ios 15 (ipad 3rd gen)? i've got a buddy who got an ipad literally out the trash, but it has an activation lock on it that he wants to bypass. i've been out of the loop for a while and have no idea if he can bypass that.
ios 13 jailbreakspretty much impossible to brick unless u install a bad tweak but that usually puts u into safe mode but deleting filza system files bricks u
*sorry if this isn't the correct place to put this, but* is it possible to downgrade ios to a version that i can jailbreak, and what version should i downgrade to if i can?
i think that is just wrong and you are just assuming this based off whatever you can visibly see on public platforms. if the userbase was already that small jailbreaking would not have lasted past ios 10 days
i have an iphone 6s jailbroken on ios 14.4. can i update to a higher version an jailbreak? lmk my options. thanks.
hey i just got a ipad mini gen 6 it has ios 15.6 on it. are there any jailbreaks out for ipad ios 15.6?
guys i managed to jb my ios 15.3 but now any app that isnt apple immediately crashes how do i fix that
also what happened with trollstore working on 15.6 betas? was it just looked over (somehow) or was a similar exploit found?
a14 14.x high jailbreaks are waiting on multicast_bytecopy port to ios 14 which i don't think anyone even cares about anymore
this is my first time jailbreaking, so i have an ip 6s w ios 15 what can i do with it instead of throwing it out on the window
hello everyone i just had an iphone 8 on ios 13.3 and is it possible to upgrade it to ios 15 meaning i risk having the 16 because i want the jailbreak
since linus has showed off what exploit hes using for fugu 15 and its gonna be atleast a months time before we get fugu 15, will this mean theres a chance some tweaks will be supported at launch?
not very up to date with the jailbreaking stuff, is there any way i can get to an ios with trollstore? i have lots of blobs for different os's
are there any jailbreaks in the works for 15.5+? seen a few comments lately that people might as well upgrade to ios 16, which goes against my jailbreaking bones
i literally just got into this jailbreaking stuff like an hour ago is there not a jailbreak for ios 15
is it possible to jailbreak ios 15.3.1 on a14 from linux or windows? (i know its impossible from windows rn)
if a jailbreak comes out for ios 15, it'll be something that no one has thought of so far. it's unlikely to come down to one single version, so if 15.5b4 gets the update, 15.6rc probably will too. if you want the best chance of getting a jailbreak in the future, you can update to 15.6rc which is still signed instead of 16
fugu15 not going to be supported thats 100%sure, and i dont except any new players in the jb developer land
is there a table somewhere of processor, device, and version and instructions to futurerestore? something like the old trollstore compatibility table before fugu 15?
how to jailbreak ipad 1? i have asked here before i think but nothing has worked, so i guess im trying to see if theres any new answers or new ways to jailbreak it now?
you can only sideload tweaked apps with tweaks preinstalled (using sideloadly or altstore) if you are on an ios device that doesn't work with trollstore or have a jailbreak, sorry
i am on iphone 8 15.1, should i future restore to 15.4.1 or keep here, i am going to update once the jailbreak is released but should i do it early?
well it's not out yet so whoever comes forward with the device on 15.6b3 will probably be given some other fugu15 teats
we don't know about fugu15 yet. all we know is that trollstore *might* be good on 15.6b3, fugu15 tests come later
hey how's it going everyone. i was just gifted an ipad 8th generation and it is on os version 14.6. can i easily jailbreak it? if i was to format the device could i remain on this version. i hear the older the version the better, would appreciate some help cause i really have no idea. how could i jailbreak this device
hi everyone, is there a way to jailbreak an a12 device on ios 15.4.1 at this moment ? thank's for your answer
but i know (like last time) the second i update to the latest ios, the jailbreak will be released...
i could have stayed on 15.4.1 but then i decided to go to ios 16 beta then i felt like i wanted to come back to jailbreaking
so can trollnonce be updated to use trollinstaller2 methods or does it need a fugu15 vulnerable device
im on 15.0.2 on a 13 pro max, as i dont get the announcements - is there an jailbreak out for me? or is it even worth not updating?
i hope unc0ver would get updated to ios 15 or i could just tryna find old iphone x maybe with supported ios
is it possible to jailbreak my iphone se 1st gen, then use a tweak to downgrade it to ios 14.3? (iphone se is 15.0.2)
is 15.5 delayota not working for anyone? want to go back to the earliest (non jb-able) version for better chances with more vulns that .6 & .7 fixed, but the profile only shows 15.6.
hey folks i have an iphone xs running 16.0.2 which has touch screen failure, and usb accessories set to ask for permission. if and when ios 16 is jailbroken, is it possible to jailbreak, and control the phone remotely?
hi guys, please tell me if there is a jailbreak on iphone se (2nd gen) 15.6.1? if not, should we expect it to be released?
hi, i'm new to the topic of jailbreaks and have just entered the server. i have a question, does it pay to save shsh blobs with ios 15.7? i'm waiting for a jailbreak for this version and in case i need it, i guess it can come in handy what not? do you recommend any program?
hi im trying to download unc0ver on iphone x 14.2 but it keeps downloading an empty file can someone help
i'm trying to jailbreak an ipad 2 that my friend gave me, how should i go about doing that. running ios 9.3.5
is there any way to install the p0laris jb app on ipad2 (ios 9.3.5) without paying apple 100 eur or having to use altstore-server which depends on proprietary libs? on linux
alr sorry for the stupid questions but i just got a new phone and i want to update it to 16 but am going to save blobs for 15.7 just in case a jailbreak or something comes out. i got my ecid from itunes but tssaver wants an apnonce and idk where to find that
unlikely since fugu15 will be released soon, unless cs still wants to focus on finishing up 15.0-15.1.1 first
is there anything that's expected to happen sooner on ios 15.0-15.1.1 than ios 15.2-15.5b4 jailbreak wise?
quick question, does anyone know if tetherme could work using the fugu15 exploit or what would need to be true for it to work?
i botched up an update attempt a while ago, and ended up having to restore my iphone to ios 16.0.2. (i was on 13.4.1 jailbroken, rip). but do you think it's better to stay on ios 16.0.2 or should i downgrade to the still signed 15.7? is 15.7 likely to _ever_ get a jailbreak anyway?
anyone know if i can jb iphone 14 pro on ios 16.2? also if not, anyone know any cool apps that utilize the dynamic island?
f you have a secondary device on ios 15, or an older firmware, you can tether downgrade it to a version like 14.3 to jailbreak. this?
on god then i spent 30 mins trying to figure out how github pages works so i could release my amazing ios 17 jailbreak to the public
hey! i have an iphone xr and a windows pc with a cord. im on ios 16, how can i jailbreak my phone? ive been wanting to learn how but im too lazy lol
but like, let's say fugu15 dropped and i wanted to switch to it from palera1n without updating to latest ios
what a legendary time it was when u0 released on 14 ios, it was so hyped so their site was down for a 1-2 hour, i wish there was something similar to 15 ios soon
bro im so glad i didnt go to 16. i wanted trollstore at the very least since altserver sucks but it wasnt supported. i figured jb werent coming for a long time but i waited like 2 more weeks and boom. trollstore for all
can fugu15 be backported to ios 14.0 - 14.8.1 to add support for the missing ios 14 firmwares that currently have no jb.
the game just finally fixed iphone 12 lag problems like 1 months later. but still no jailbreak on ios 15.1 for my iphone 12 yet. i was expecting a jailbreak to be out by the time my phone stops lagging
hello to everyone!!! if i install trollstore2 on my iphone 12 pro when fugu15 will be relased can i also jb my device?
there is a ios 11 untethered bug that can be used to make a ios 11 untethered jb  acorn but nobody gives a single fuck bout it
was kind hoping the x would fall out of support at like 15 so i could just update to the highest version and be on a comparisons jb version haha
wait so now that fugu15 is shown to jailbreak ios 15.4.1 means that there is finally a jailbreak for it
when linus was talking about how the installd bug works they said you would have to use fugu14 pwnify until fugu15 is public
hi, i have an a10 (15.5b4) can i install the trollstore and then jailbreak it or is it recommended to install later?
wait were legit so close, fugu 15 nearly here and community gotton to tje point we can now jb with tweake for tearhered or smth jjsf wait plz
gonna update from ios 15.0.2 to ios 15.5b4 rn since fugu15 is compatible with it and trollstore has just released
i remember checking it a few times during the year that his recent liked tweet was one from sbingner. now his recent like tweet is about when he released fugu14 unc0ver that time
you could technically downgrade to 15.6 rc to maximize your chances of a future jb but it won't help in the short term
linus usually releases unfinished products so other people can use it, for example unc0ver with fugu14
but if fugu15 releases can't we download trollhelper from sileo? it uses an exploit available on any device so it should work?
i think jailbreaking ios 16 would not be that hard after ios 15 jailbreak is released but i may be wrong
sorry if i've misunderstood - does fugu15 *only* work on versions 15.0 and above? do we know anything about this?
could the fugu15 exploit lead to a 14.6 jailbreak? wondering ir exploits like that can be backported to older versions?
out of curiosity, what's the point of a jailbreak that can't inject tweaks? can you still sideload apps?
assuming an ios 15 jailbreak comes out with tweak support, if i were to install a non malicious  tweak that edits something that i cannot edit, will it break my device?
if tweaks become possible with fugu15 then yes, i am not very knowledge at all in how tweak injection works so idk when that would be, not for a while though
yeah mane i actually wasnt excited about fugu15 anymore since palera1n w teaks + i dont see it much different then pogo
flower actually thinks i am "mad" because i didnt get what i "wanted" , mane i dont want fugu15 wouldnt even use it if i could
flower i even said before i dont care about fugu15 , i want tethered palera1n     so that message doesent value on me
i did and when i click placeholder it wants to open fugu14 but i have already clicked on setup before and u can only open fugu14 once
does anyone know if ios 16 is supported by fugu15 and does anyone know if tweak injection is working?
only questions i have is it is gonna be built into unc0ver? just like how it was in ios 14 or a standalone utility
like if i want to downgrade my iphone 8 to like ios 12 or something is that possible (yes it is jailbroken with uncover)
does anyone no why the unc0ver link everyone is sending wont open on any of my devices? pc or iphone...?
if i download cydia and it starts lagging, can i restart my ipad to get rid of the jailbreak and then rejoin break without cydia?
can a jailbreak make them run version newer that they are supposed to run like an iphone 4 with ios 15?
at least for a11 and below we are getting a jailbreak for ios 15 and ios 16 as quick as possible mostly by the end of this year
if my phone doesnt have trollstore support is there almost no chance fugu15 will work (iphone 12 15.5b4)
does anyone know where i can watch the linus henze fugu15 presentation after it happens? in my time zone it's at 4 am so i won't be able to watch it live.
if im right, i don't think i can but just wanna check here: can i jailbreak my ios 15.7 6s on windows or not atm?
yeah you can but if you want functionallity need to downgrade to ios 15.1 then you can use a tethered jailbreak for ios 15.1
is there any like list for verified trusted tweaks for jailbreaks on ios 13 i feel like a kid in a candy store rn
hey guys, i'm trying to jailbreak an iphone 8(a11) with ios 16.0.2, what should be my approach? from what i'm reading it is not possible to downgrade ios 16 to 14 to run unc0ver
hi all, quick question. got an ipad pro jailbroken on ios 13.3 (with unc0ver) is there a way to get to the latest jailbreakable os (like ios14)? and if so any guide how? thanks
well since its almost 4 am where i live and i have school later gn, ill notify if i can jb my ipad 7 and get cod on my friends school tablet
it could be a last resort incase if the normal way of jailbreaking ( checkra1n, uncover, odyssey ) dies out, and we can use modchips for the newer iphones or older ones
damn i didnt know about jailbreaking a long time ago and on my iphone 12 randomly decided to turn off auto updates because they bothered me and later my friend was like, oh because of that you can probably jailbreak when he was telling me about it but then we found out that the iphone 12 isn't supported for uncover on 14.6-14.8 so im legit one version too high, i was barely too late
ios 13.5.1. not just the best ios version to jailbreak on, but the best ios version in general. the speed is amazing and the design is truly great. ios 13.5.1 is definitely not only the best ios version of all time, but the best version of any operating system, ever, undoubtably. but of course, i didn't have to tell you that, everyone knows about the wonders and glory 13.5.1 brings. i'm going to ask out ios 13.5.1, i really hope it says yes.
best you can do is wait for fugu15 to be released so that trollstore implements it into its code and make it work for 15.4.1, allowing you to sideload tweak-injected apps.
substitute works fine? and yes there's tweaks that don't support ios 15 because that's usually how new jailbreaks for newer ios releases goes.
bruh.....you literally just pinged everyone saying an ios 15 jailbreak has been released, when it hasn't, because it's a developer jailbreak, which means basically the entire whitename population is going to fuck their own device straight to the boiler room of hell. that was uhhh.....not a very cash-money move....like at all
comments be like: "does this mean that i can jailbreak my brand new iphone 14 pro max 512gb gold in ios 16.1?"
hello all, i have a friend who is on ios 16...when i try to log into their apple id on my jb decive it tells me i have to upgrade my os...is there a way around this?
hey all! just a question to be sure please, before buy. it is possible to jailbreak ipad pro a10x on 14.8.1 isnt it ? i read yes with odysseyra1nx (?) what do you think ?
is there a way to get my unjailbroken iphone xs max from 14.3 to 14.8 so that i can jailbreak it with the most up to date ios?
unfortunate, i guess you could delayota to 15.5 or whatever and wait there for a jailbreak. but, it's gonna be a long time considering its a12x
hello, i just installed appicons and it rebooted my iphone, so when i try to jailbreak it again it always reboots my phone and gets stuck at apple logo. so i cannot stay in jailbroken mode to delete that tweak. how can i delete it or what to do to use jailbreak again. thanks
does the webkit vulnerability that exists below 15.6.1 and the kernel vulnerability found below 15.7 have any jb potential if a pac or ppl bypass is found as well or are they completely unrelated to jailbreaking?
hey, i know there are charts for this, but they seem outdated. is there a jb for a11 devices on ios 15.x?
hey guys, sorry for a possible noob question but its kinda hard dodging fakes out there, is there an ios 15 jailbreak for iphone 13 pro?
i own an ipad air 4 running ipad os 15.0 beta. is there a compatible untethered or semi untehered jailbreak?
how do i clean my phone from all jailbreaks so i can safely move on to updating ios 16 without problems with app jb detection?
is it possible for trollstore to be patched via software? or does it use a hardware exploit? i have an iphone x
total newbie here. i got iphone x on 14.3 happily jailbroken. do the recent developments for ios 15.x jailbreaks (while not currently possible to be semi-untethered) pave the way for semi-untethered jailbreak on iphone x at some point?
i need help asap pls so when using checkra1n installer it gets me into recovery mode then when it says to boot in dfu i follow all the timing and instructions but after going black it just shows apple logo and takes me back to recovery mode with checkra1n installer going back to first page **im on iphone 7**
hi all, i was thinking of getting the new airpods pro, but i'm still on 13.3 because of the jailbreak. do any of you know if the new airpods will work with my iphone?
when fugu15 releases it will have the exploits necessary to jailbreak 15.4, however fugu15 will not include tweak injection so if you want to use tweaks you will have to wait until cheyote or unc0ver implements fugu15
hello guys iam on iphone 12pm ios 14.1 jailbroken with unc0ver, is there any chance to get higher ios like 14.8 ?
hi , i found an iphone 5s in storage that my mother used up until 2016. i was wondering if this is something i should just sell as-is on a website like mercari, or if i could jailbreak it and sell it for more?
hello, i'm trying to jailbreak an iphone 8 with ios 14.8.1 with checkra1n but it gives me an error, can someone help me?
i mean on the stream it wont be just fugu15 , other shits aswell me only gonna watch it when linus show up
do you guys expect ios 15 jailbreak soon? what about the iphone se? would anyone bother bringing it there?
is there a way to downgrade ipad mini 5 on ios 15.6.1 without shsh blobs? or jailbreak it? i m new to ios
anyone know if checkra1n will be updating the tool for ipad 15.2? or will the virtual method be the only method moving forward?
im new to jailbreaking any help on where to start looking im on iphone 11 ios 16 is there any for it or will i have to wait
you do know that trollstore exploits one of the vulnerabilities used in fugu15? fugu15 can be (permanently) installed without trollstore
among all ios15 versions how likely is a jailbreak on a14 15.5 ? should i stay or should i go ios16?
is there anyway to jailbreak ios 16.0.2 even with a computer? or big nono and wait for the current jailbreaks?
so the latest jailbreak is for 14.8, but is there some kind of new kernel vulnerability that might lead to a new jailbreak? on which version is that? or no?
hey does anyone know if there's an untethered jailbreak that'll work on an iphone 6s running ios 15.0?
hello guys, is there a solution to delete the uncover jailbreak for example by deleting root files? i'm on ios 15, iphone 12 pro and i no longer have the jailbreak, but there are hidden traces of jailbreak that won't let me open the bank app....
according to an announcement on this server, there was indeed an ios 15.5 jailbreak method released a while ago.
hello! it's me! i have the phone with me now, it has ios 15.7, is it any jailbreak available for this?
why does my checkrain say iphone 8 with ios not supported? it says supported versions are 12-14.5.1 and if i check allow untested versions its showing error -18
hi, i'll ask this question again cause i really don't know what to do, is there a way to jailbreak my iphone 6s plus using an amd cpu? it's on ios 14.8.1
hello how to jailbreak iphone 6s,ios 12.0.1, when i try checkrain it shows erros code 79 and then code 78 if i try again??
hello #howtojailbreak iphone 6s, when i try checkrain it shows erros code 79 and then code 78 if itry again
my 13 promax is  on the golden firmware 15.1.1 got trollstore so if a jailbreak drops i can install no computer
if checkra1n wasn't a thing and all this bullshit a12+ jbs on ios 14.4+ was released i would be pissed af but ye
hi guys... hope you all are doing good..just wanted to confirm if it is possible to jailbreak ios 14.7.1 in iphone 12 pro on windows pc or directly..??
and no you can't go back to ios 14 to jailbreak and no we don't know when it will be able to be jailbroken
!t guide please note you can't downgrade to a jailbreak able firmware, and please get used to iphone before doing this
hello! i'm gonna get an iphone 12 mini tomorrow, i still don't know which ios version is going to have, i'm an android user and never did a jailbreak before, anything i should know? like any tutorial that someone here recommend, which is the latest version available and everything
dude i was fucking around with ipod touches back when you could jb via jailbreakme.com, i miss those days
it is even possible to downgrade to a previous ios firmware, with saved blobs, without being currently jbed
i have a genuine question.  given the fact that there hasnt been a true semi untethered jailbreak since ios 14, why is there still a ton of ppl who are interested in jbing.  it just seems pointless to me.  i personally havent jbed my phone since ios 14.  just wanted to get other people's thoughts to see what hardware they are rocking and if they are jbed.
i haven't had jb on my iphone yet and i don't know if i can install this trollstore 2) i don't know it and i don't know how it works ..
bro is there an eta of ios 15 jb? i'm still on 15.0 and i am considering upgrading to 16.1 when it comes out
i am planning on getting an ipad pro just so i can jailbreak it, run that virtual machine thing on it with windows 11 lol
"no, you cannot jailbreak and no you cannot downgrade to an older version of ios and jailbreak. no, we do not know when you will be able to jailbreak."
"no, you cannot jailbreak and no you cannot downgrade to an older version of ios and jailbreak. no, we do not know when you will be able to jailbreak so please do not ask."
"no, you cannot jailbreak and no you cannot downgrade to an older version of ios and jailbreak. no, we do not know when you will be able to jailbreak so please do not ask. "
yo anybody know what the best ios jailbreak is? tryna get snapchat but have it not show up on my screen time report
it needs to be running 15.0-15.1.1 rn but it may work up to 15.4.1 (15.5b4) if fugu15 can install trollstore
well... im trying to jailbreak ios 14.6 tho i dont have a macbook  and windows checkera1n not loading when i keep trying to load it with bios and windows "pro recovery thing where you can boot from usb
eyy yoo i have bought a very restricted ipad by mdm (everything you can imagine is disabled, installing apps is not possible even via x code) - do you have any idea how i could jailbreak the device?
can someone help me? is it still possible to upgrade from ios 13.3 (unc0ver jailbroken iphone xr a12) to another ios version i can jailbreak?
does anyone know if you can save 15.4.1 blobs still? tryna go to 16 but wanna revert when 15 jb comes out
also, wasn't the whole premise of checkra1n that it would always work a11 bc they found a 'hardware' exploit? but yet not 15.x
and from what i read, all repo extractors are fake and don't do anything jailbreak-wise for ios 16 right?
hey, i'd like to start jailbreaking my iphone 11 but i accidentally upgraded to 16.0. is there any way to downgrade it without losing data? (articles on google are very sketchy)
a tool utilizing an exploit available from ios 14-15.5 beta 4. it allows for devices on those versions to **install unlimited amount of (tweaked) apps without any expiry date.**
i do have an iphone 6s plus that is on ios 14.8.1 but i cannot really jailbreak it since i don't have a computer that is not amd cpu
checkra1n and taurine can get used on 14.3, unc0ver can't for some reason, only happens when tethered
hi guys i'm new to jailbreak how do i jailbreak my ipad pro? i know i need ios 14 first but what's the next step?
when trying to install checkra1n (14.6, ipad pro 10,5 inches) it fails with error code -31, is there a fix?
just tried to sideload unc0ver via altstore on wifi and windows defender says i have iphone os exploit and cancelled it somehow
rip.  a14 & a15 have virtualization just like m1 but ios checks at boot and disables it. you need a jailbreak that can bypass this, which fugu14 can
though right now if you aren't jailbroken on an iphone 12 or 13 (which doesnt have a jb yet) or an m1 ipad pro on 15.0-15.1 its emulated
guys, i have an iphone 5s, its jailbreaked on 11.2, is it possible to update the ios to 15 or 16 with keeping it jailbreaked?
im using unc0ver on my iphone 6 ios 12.4.8 and its super stable and good but the cydia is old and slow and i need sileo can anyone tell me how to get sileo on unc0ver jailbreak
hey guys, sorry but iv been our of the scene for a while were can i find a jailbreak for a ipad running 15.7 if there is one around
you can get dark mode and widgets (jailbreak widgets are much much better than ios 14 widgets, trust me, you're not missing out on anything with ios 14) but if some apps start requiring ios 13+ to be updated sorry there is no other solution for that
its just that in less than 15 seconds 2 people began harassing me for not explaining in less than 8 words how checkra1n worked
does anyone know if there are any untethered jailbreaks compatible with the ipod touch 6th generation?
so...i'm getting an iphone 14 pro. is it fair game to stay on ios 16.0 release in hope of a jailbreak, or will it not be possible at all on a16?
wait everything in there says it's only up to 15.4.1 and how am i supposed to install pogo through trollstore without the coretrust exploits that trollstore needs?
tim cook when someone finds a bug that can lead to ios 15 untethered kernel exploit: **fire the fucking ios kernel team now useless mfs**
hey guys i just found my old iphone im currently jailbroken with unc0ver on ios 13.3 is there any way for me to get to ios 14.x?
hey guys, i recently got an iphone 12 and it came with ios 15.6, should i stay on it and wait for a possible jailbreak or update to 16.0?
hello, my cydia just keeps crashing when i try to tap onto it, any fixes for this? on ios 14.7.1 checkra1n.
so anyone know when is 15.0 on iphone 12 jailbreak is coming out? like any rumors of what time its coming out or anything?
also jailbreaking is worth much more to me than any ios update because of the freedom it provides that apple will never allow
i'm checking if you can save blobs in case you change your mind and want to go back to 14 and jb again
oh ok then choose ios 16 if you enjoy it more than jailbreaking. i can see the appeal. i can't tell you what to choose.
i can't restore rootfs without rebooting, but if i reboot the iphone goes into a unjailbroken state and i can't use the normal unc0ver app
does anyone know a good software to backup whatsapp to pc? i want do succession on my 14.5.1 fugu14 iphone 11
hey guys a12 ipad11,3 fugu14.5.1 should i fr to 15.4.1 now that fugu15 showtime is getting close, and 15.7 is signed?
oh boy, 10 years ago, i got an ipod touch 4th gen for my 8th birthday. 3 yrs later, i finally jailbroke it and found out how great it is to jailbreak. several years later, and now i got an iphone 6 (jailbroken) and 11 (awaiting fugu15 and trollstore at least).
thats very subjective but if you mean the newest phone you can jb a iphone 12 on 14.0-14.5.1(please someone correct me if im wrong)
hey im new here, haven't jailbroken or even bought an iphone yet but im wondering is there a way to unlock the carrier after jailbreaking without having to contact the carrier? because if there is then i can purchase a carrier locked phone which will be cheaper
if i upgrade to 15.7, does that mean i can't downgrade to 15.4.1, because i will be out of a jailbreak and therefor not be able to set nonce and not able to use futurerestore? or have i missunderstood this too?
by the way, how on earth is unc0ver able to support so many ios versions? likely jb literally 4 versions front to back in one app?
jailbreaking is useless without working tweak injection. at least i know i'm not missing out on anything being stuck on 15.5 rn
i will stay on the current ios 15 version i'm on for as long as possible but even so i think jailbreaking is dead.
for what i need it ends up not worth it, i wanted some things that i had in previous ios through jailbreak
not true, 15.0 - 15.1.1 has been jailbroken since like.. april? just not released publicly, and a11- had a jailbreak a few weeks ago for 15.0 - 15.5 beta 4, just no tweak injection.
well 15.6 probably isn't happening anytime soon - i wouldn't go to 16 expecting a jb sooner but if you want to enjoy the new 16 features then might as well say fuck it and go there
buy an older device with older ios version if you want to jailbreak, there is no jailbreak for ios 16 yet
well in the past jailbreaks would come out faster.  as of right now ios 15 and later versions of 14 on newer devices have been like the slowest in terms of how fast the jb comes out
i'm currently waiting for a jailbreak for my iphone 12 and the wait has been so long that by the time it comes out, ios 14 is going to be so old that half of my shit probably wont work anymore lol
yeah but any device with a processor a14+ only supports up to 14.5.1 (which is the reason i can't jb on my 14.6 iphone 12) :(
i'm still new to this server, not sure where to ask my questions. but i was wondering if anyone knew if there was an ios 15.6 jailbreak out?
i mean once a jailbreak on 15 is achieved people can at least base their work on it if not have it inspired
is there any untethered jailbreak for an iphone 8 around? i am probably gonna switchto an iphone because my current (android) phone is broken af
oh, for me for some reason not all my contacts sync, it seems to only be really old contacts, any newer contacts i have simply don't sync, i am using checkra1n on ios 14.5.1, is there any bug that is casuing this?
its funny when someone brings these up, tbf how would we even know theyre actually copying from ios jb
any way to get 14.4-required procreate running on my ipad now then? or i'll just update and forget about jailbreaking entirely lol
how does the idea of making a video explaining the history of all jailbreak tools for all ios versions and devices sound?
jailbreaks are pointless without tweak injection. at least i know i'm not missing out on anything for being stuck on 15.5.
not that much. no checkm8 jailbreak supports windows and many software-based jailbreaks for ios 14.4-14.8.1 don't support a11 or older.
hello, new to jailbreaking an iphone (ios 16), anyway i can spoof my location using a jailbreaker like unc0vered?
i have a14 on 14.6 which is like super close to being compatible, if i had held back on one update i could be able to jailbreak
if there is anything i want, i just wanna have some sort of estimate for when on earth unc0ver's current jailbreak for 11.0-14.8 will potentially be updated to actually support up to 14.8 on a14
then how come ios 15 jb has taken a record long amount to release it compared to any other ios version jb
actually can someone fill me in on where jailbreak is right now? we can jailbreak up to 15.4, right?
is there a method to obtain ipa files without using a jailbreak tool?  i just got my iphone 14 pro and want to sideload using altstore (and sign with my own developer cert). last thing i want to do is use a sketchy ipa from some random site online
is there a way to save blobs for the new iphone 14s so we can update to a jailbreakable firmware in the future?
dumb question. how likely should i expect my iphone 13 pro max be jailbreakble in the future if i upgraded to iso 16?
hi just asking for your opinion what should i use taurine , unc0ver , fugu14 + unc0ver for ios 14.3 a14 ( i tried them all unc0ver wasnt stable later idk why and when i used taurine used to sent me into safe mode and when i want to run into safe mode im in unjailbroken state .
ok so there is a chance i get an iphone 11 can i jailbreak that if i put a backup from my iphone xr on ios 15.1?
hi just asking for your opinion what should i use taurine , unc0ver , fugu14 + unc0ver for ios 14.3 a14 ( i tried them all unc0ver wasnt stable later idk why and when i used taurine used to sent me into safe mode and when i want to run into safe mode im in unjailbroken state .
hi just asking for your opinion what should i use taurine , unc0ver , fugu14 + unc0ver for ios 14.3 a14 ( i tried them all unc0ver wasnt stable later idk why and when i used taurine used to sent me into safe mode and when i want to run into safe mode im in unjailbroken state .
hi just asking for your opinion what should i use taurine , unc0ver , fugu14 + unc0ver for ios 14.3 a14 ( i tried them all unc0ver wasnt stable later idk why and when i used taurine used to sent me into safe mode and when i want to run into safe mode im in unjailbroken state .
the current jailbreak i use in 15.3.1 is pretty good actually, fortunately i can do what i wanted for a bit now.
if you saved 15.4.1 blobs you could fr to it now since you can jailbreak currently and ios 15.6.1 is still signed
i feel like the u0 devs are going to plant a rat on linus' computer so they could update it for 15 during the speech
any recommendation for equalizer other than eqe ? for ipad pro unc0ver 14.4 ? to get a better surround effect ?
also kind of releated to jailbreaking but not how can i make a app for ios on windows i think it is not possable just need that confirmed
hi i am completely new to this discord server. does someone know if its possible to jailbreak a ipad air 2nd gen?
hi! someone can explain me why i can't use a custom signed ipsw on my iphone 11 (no checkm8). i don't understand how some tools as sunst0rm using irecovery can boot  unsigned ios versions but only checkm8 (i know it is bootrom exploit usable in dfu mode). namely if i add binaries to root of **signed** ipsw, then generate patched ibss and ibec can i install this custom ipsw? is boot chain trusted? or is this not sufficient and it is required more work?
are there any exploits discovered for 15.5 stable? or it would be okay to update to 16.0? buying a 11 pro
hello, so i was using iphone 7 with jailbreak until 2020. after that i sold the phone and didn't use ios until today. currently i have a plan to go back using ios but not sure which iphone to buy if i were to have best jailbreaking experience (highest ios version, which vuln to use, etc.) can anyone help me, thanks in advance!
hey umm sorry if this is a dumb question but is there anyway to revert  a 15.6.1 ios to something jailbreakable?
does anyone have any jailbreak tips for an iphone 12 on ios 14.6 i haven't found any that even work for me lol
any tweaks for ios 15.4.1? i mean i know there is trollstore and stuff filza escaped for up to 15.1.1, but are there such things for 15.4.1? i know its not as advanced in jailbreaking as 15.1.1 but still
i thought ios 15 was the worst it could get with security and yet here comes apple again to surprise us again. good for security but maybe bad for jailbreaks
guys how can i do if i want to jailbreak my phone now bur it's a 6s on ios 15.1, can i downgrade on an unsigned version ?
you could have jb'd on your iphone 5 and that plist has just been sitting there on your iphone 14 because it's been in your icloud backups for a decade
yo is there any place on this server where i could get notified once a jailbreak for 15.6.1 is available? lol
m1 ipads can run genshin at 120, so i presume a jailbreak tweak for them can force 120fps recordings
~~i feel so damn sorry for the people in this server lmao, having to deal with "how do i jailbreak my device, iphone (insert a12+ model) ios 15.x" so often~~
this ios 16 homes screens r looking real nice, can someone give me an actual reason i should jailbreak my iphone x with fugu 15?
hello guys, how can i do if i want to jailbreak my iphone 6s who has ios 15.1 ? any solution ? it's my dream to jailbreak my phone.
is it possible to jailbrake a iphone 11 on 14.7.1 from what i have seen checkra1n seems to be my best bet but in unsure if that requires a computer if so is any old laptop fine or does it need to be something better
fugu14 does have the theoretical capability of untethered code execution which is how it stays permasigned but yeah
i have a xs max jailbroken with odyssey on ios 13.3.  is there anyway for me to update to a later ios and keep jb?  a lot of my apps no longer work due to ios requirements.
thank anyway, will put that iphone on the side and see if a jailbreak for 15.7 happen in the next month of put it on ios 16
of course they can jb iphone 14 when their iphone 14 is the exact same software than runs iphone 12, 10, 8...
hey guys, i've got an iphone 5s running ios 12.5.6, it's an a7 chip, build 16h71 - i've tried unc0ver but it says unsupported. i don't have a mac so can't use checkra1n. am i out of luck?
how do i upgrade to 14.8 and only 14.8, not 15 or 16? i take it 14.8 is the last ios version that unc0ver supports, and im getting a newer apple watch. i have no idea if it requires ios 14 but i would assume it does
is there a jailbreak for ios 15.5 on iphone 13 pro? if i just google some say yes some say no so idk
so i have a question about my existing blobs. my 14.3 blobs (pictured top) saved with shsh.host while jailbroken while jailbroken with taurine om 14.3, says it isn't valid, while my 14.4.2 blobs (pictured bottom) was saved with tsssaver and says it's valid. i checked both of these with verify.shsh.host. what could be the issue?
blizzard jb if finished will work for potentially any version of ios 16 if on checkm8 device right ?
do i need to take any precautions before taking my jailbroken iphone into the genius bar to get the screen replaced? do i tell them not to upgrade the ios? will they notice the jailbreak and have me arrested and banned for life and put on death row?
if taurine 14.4-14.8 suddenly comes to a11 (a man can dream) can i switch my prefs and tweaks from odysseyra1n to it
is coolstar normally like how she is on the ios 15 jb? she seems really aggressive towards the people who want it
hey guys i waited so long to jailbreak again, a12, 15.3. is there any hope or should i just update to 16 atp?
is there any way to jailbreak ios 15.2 on iphone 13 promax or downgrade it to possibly jailbreak ios?
hey guys, does someone still know a way to jailbreak an iphone 6 with ios 12.4.9 i have tried almost all the videos i could find on youtube but not one seems to work. if someone knows how to do it please send me a message, i would really appreciate it.
hey guys, does someone still know a way to jailbreak an iphone s5 with ios 12.1.4, i have tried almost all the videos i could find on youtube but not one seems to work. if someone knows how to do it please send me a message, i would really appreciate it.
been out of the loop from things for a while whats going on with ios 15 jailbreaks now? last time i was doing any research on it was like february
hey, is there a way to upgrade to a version no longer signed if you are already jailbroken? i have a jailbroken ipad woth ios 12 and wanna go to jb ios 14 but the latest version for upgrade is ios 15
trying to jailbreak my 11 pro max on 14.5.1 but it keeps saying unsupported. could anybody help me which version?
i haven't jailbroke any devices in a long time. probably ios 7. so i'm just getting back in the loop.  what's the current status for a jailbreak?
i've been out of the jailbreaking loop for quite some time, so i apologise if my question comes off 'noobish'. i have an iphone xs max, used to be able to checkra1n jb it but it is ios 15.0 right now, any chance i can jb atm?
is there any legit jailbreaks for 15.6.1 iphone 6s+, i looked on youtube and google but idk if any of the results are legit
so my question is i can't jailbreak my phone that is activation locked so that i can update the ios?
hi guys,  i have a question, im running ios 14.4 with fugu 14 on my iphone 11, i just realized i have shsh saved for ios 15.3.1 and 15.4, is there a chance to update to those versions and retaining faceid function and all that? which one should be better, 15.3.1 or 15.4 ?  thanksss!!
hey yo i can't jailbreak my iphone 6s ios 9.3.2 its activation locked by the previous owner. i tried to up date the ios but tts saver is down. i have tried everything (checkra1n, anyunlock) to bypass the activation lock. pls help
officially gonna cry. ipad air 2 is at ios 14.6, one upgrade above the supported checkra1n jb. is there any way other than shsh blobs that can cure my curse
honestly at this point im wondering if it's even worth to jailbreak my phone since 15 hasn't been cracked yet and it sucks not being able to update tbh as well as security concerns
but 15.4.1 is apparently supported by fugu so there is a chance a jailbreak could eventually support it
trying to downgrade to 15.6.1 so i can get a faster jailbreak, but once it restarted and went through the setup process it's forcing me to update to 16.0
not really in regards to wii-related stuff, but i wanted to ask here which 32-bit ipad model (could be mini or air) would be ideal to get for jailbreak and playing 32-bit games.
i have 14.8 blobs saved for my old 12 mini but 1) it's not my phone anymore, and 2) i upgraded it past ios 15.4 because i desperately needed face id with a mask, so i don't have a jailbreak.
sorry if this is a common question but googling anything jailbreak related is always annoying imo. whats the news on ios 15 jailbreak? i saw it being discussed a little earlier
stay. cheyote jailbreak is coming for 15.0 in a few months. also, you can sideload unlimited apps with trollstore on 15.0 with no revokes
hey guys, im in 15.5 beta 4, when do u think that checkra1n can be update to jailbreak this version ?
at least altstore method doesn't use any vulnerability so in theory it should be working forever unless apple changes something? it does support ios 16 so it can be used as a stop gap until a jailbreak releases
do you want to wait several months for a jailbreak that can give you more than what ios 16 has to offer?
hey im new here sorry if the answer of this questions is easly accesable elsewhere in the channel tho gotta ask is there a jailbreak out for ios 15.5
i have an ipad that i just got like a couple days ago, and i'd like to jailbreak it as safely as possible
to anyone reading this message and may or may not have read any other messages i have previously sent: i just want to state and clarify that i, cum, did not cum on an ios 15 jailbreak in the past hour. in fact, no message mentioning one exists in this channel. though if one did, i, cum, would like to state that i currently am not interested in cumming, as i currently cummed on the best version of ios ever made, ios cum, on my iphone 11, which contains a sperm, the fastest chip that ios cum runs on. i would just like to reiterate that this is not a cum to any message sent in this channel (since none exists), but rather a cum that stands by its own. thank you for understanding.
im new here and i have a windows computer and a iphone 13 pro that is owner locked, how i can i jailbreak it
is the iphone se good for jailbreak? looking to upgrade my phone but want to retain full sep functionality. i can't find the chart on the reddit anywhere
yeah checkra1n always gives me error -15 or smth, but my phone is jailbroken now and i can just ctrl+c
and plus depending on the jailbreak they have and when they jailbroke they could have 15.4 or 15.4.1 blobs
debating on if i should update to ios 16 tomorrow or not. only things that are holding me back is youtube reborn and rocket for instagram. is there anyway we can save videos n stories on ig and not have ads for free on youtube without a jailbreak
so yeah what i got an older iphone 6s foir free it's onn 15.6.1 and it is ic locked. is there anyway  i can jailbreak it?
well im releasing a jb for 15.0-15.5b4 in about 4-6 days ( i hope, not sure lol ) but it isnt that user friendly and doesnt have sileo and tweak injection and things like that, if u want a more usable one, wait for geosn0w's jailbreak or cheyote which can take more time ( no eta's )
is there a tweak that i can use to copy my jailbroken device to another for the apps and all.  both are on uncover but different ios
hi! does anyone know how to jailbreak an ipad1 either without a computer or on mac monterey? (ios 5.1.1 on the ipad)
hey, i wanna update my phone to a newer version because a lot of apps i use need to be updated but have to run on ios 14 or newer. i have ios 13.5 on iphone 11.  is there a way i can update and still have the ability to jailbreak?  so like update to ios 14?
also somebody else said my ipad takes so long to boot because the exploit fails many times before working?
hey, this is probably a question hard to answer but just throwing it out there. i previously jbed my phone with checkrain, upgraded to 15.6 and can't futurerestore. with the upcoming blizzard jailbreak, do you think if i installed the jailbreak, my previous tweaks and stuff would remain?
alright its been like 5 months since i was last here, currently on 15.4 for 13 pro, are there any jailbreaks available yet? or will i have to come back in another few months
to anyone reading this message and may or may not have read any other messages i have previously sent: i just want to state and clarify that i, cum, did not cum on an ios 15 jailbreak in the past hour. in fact, no message mentioning one exists in this channel. though if one did, i, cum, would like to state that i currently am not interested in cumming, as i currently cummed on the best version of ios ever made, ios cum, on my iphone 11, which contains a sperm, the fastest chip that ios cum runs on. i would just like to reiterate that this is not a cum to any message sent in this channel (since none exists), but rather a cum that stands by its own. thank you for understanding.
ye bcs on my jb i can do verg basic tweaks on 15.3.1 but i would like some more complicated tweaks lol
i did not even asked when ios 15 jailbreak will be released. i just asked if there are current developements
pretty sure xina could be working on something and after fugu15 is released all it would take is another dev to utilize it i believe
i know that there is no jailbreak for ios 15.1.1. but is there any jailbreak that is being in developement for ios 15.0 - 15.1.1? there is blizzard but that is for pre a12 devices
guys how ipa of tweaks like downgradeapp works on trollstore ios 15 ? is that a rootless jailbreak or what
also, haven't been in the jailbreak scene in awhile.. you can still save blobs on devices that aren't jailbreakable, right? i have an iphone 13 that i'm trying to save blobs to
here for my monthly check in to see if i can jailbreak ios 15.2 on iphone se (2nd gen)? anyone know?
hi guys could u tell me if doing this is possible?  i have an iphone xs max with unc0ver jailbreak on ios 13.3.1.  a bunch of apps are now unable to update bc my ios is so old.  can i update to 14.3 (the last jailbroken ios for my phone) without losing my jailbreak and stuff?
i completed the jailbroken process for unc0ver xr 14.3 - how do i tell if its successfullly jailbroken
fugu15 from that repo is fake, fugu15 being presented in october and being released by linus henze is real
imo 16 is mid, the only good features to me are the lock screen (which you can get from a jb) the metal gpu overlay thing, and lockdown mode.
hello, i searched for ios 15.1.1 jailbreak and found one without computer. but it asks me to download and try 2 apps for 30 seconds. but i tried 5 apps and still no jailbreak. can you plese help?
hi guys i'm new, i spent like a week trying to figure this out, is there a way for an iphone x (gsm) with 14.8.1 to get a working jailbreak?
hello, i'm new into jailbreak, i've never did a jailbreak before. my device is an ipad 6th gen and currently running ios 16.1 (ik i have to downgrade but i dont know how). can someone help me. i have alt store installed
any help bypassing chase mobile banking app jailbreak detection? im 15.1 not even jailbroken but restored from one years ago
hey guys, is there any way to downgrade my ipad 2 from ios 9.3.5 to ios 9.3.4? i want to go to the latest ios 9 version that has an untethered jailbreak.
ok so im working on a ios 15 checkm8 jb but sileo doesnt work yet, would it be frustrating to need to manually download debs and install them via the loader app ( just want yall opinion , no it isnt coming soon, no it isnt stable yet )
iphone 7 plus on ios 13.3. any upgrading or future restore options to upgrade to higher jailbreakable versions? some apps are becoming unsupported.
hello. i just got an iphone xr ios 14.6 and checkra1n doesn't work with it. is there a different jailbreak that does?
is there a jailbreak that works on ios 14.7.1 iphone xs max (back in the jb scene after a few years)
last question.. i'm on 15.6 right now because i've read about an possible jb in the future. is it recommended to stay on 15.6 or is it better to update and wait for future vulnerabilities
ipad is connected to macbook air non m1 by usb, itunes tries to force me to update the ipad in itunes, and checkra1n detects my ipad but want jailbreak it, anyone got a solution to this?
hello i have an iphone 11 pro max i want to jailbreak this iphone 11 pro max its ios 15.2 beta 2 what do i do
does anyone know what are the best softwares to use to jailbreak iphones without a mac ? just so i can have one ready so when the next jailbreak is available i can be ready
does anyone know if trollstore would work on ios 14.7.1 iphone 12? as in the ipa since i cannot jailbreak my iphone, banking and other reasons
got it... i don't want to in the event that a jailbreak comes soon.. because i know how hard it is to make them and at one point i'm sure it will be impossible... so i'm lucky that one might be coming out for my ios.
why there is still no jailbreak for ios 15? is there anybody working on 15.1.1 jailbreak for all devices?
if i was to jailbreak in the future (ios 15.5) would it be possible to use tetherme to get an unlimited 5g data hotspot?
i just got an ipad 6th gen running ipados 11.4. there aren't any saved blobs and the only signed update is 15.6.1.  if i jailbreak (with unc0ver or something), will i be able to upgrade to 14.8 after?
so many people on twitter thinking they're going to be able to jailbreak their 13pms on 15 with geo's jailbreak lol...
i'm currently running an iphone xr with ios 16 beta 3, how far do i need to downgrade to jailbreak it?
hey guys, i have two questions. firstly how were i able to jailbreak iphone x without option "skip bpr check"? secondly should i stick to checkra1n and substrate or move to odysseara1n?
is jailbreak out for ios 15.6 or not yet? i found some while i checked google but idk if they are real
i got a problem... install chimera about slideloadly - reboot iphone - open chimera - press jailbreak - error your device could not be jailbroken because the exploit failed.
ios 15.6 has an exploit that could be used for a jb in the future so wait and do not update because 15.6.1 fixes this vulnerability
to anyone reading this message and may or may not have read any other messages i have previously sent: i just want to state and clarify that i, cum, did not cum on an ios 15 jailbreak in the past hour. in fact, no message mentioning one exists in this channel. though if one did, i, cum, would like to state that i currently am not interested in cumming, as i currently cummed on the best version of ios ever made, ios cum, on my iphone 11, which contains a sperm, the fastest chip that ios cum runs on. i would just like to reiterate that this is not a cum to any message sent in this channel (since none exists), but rather a cum that stands by its own. thank you for understanding.
fugu 14 as it is untethered has a minimal risk of panic or something going wrong. also unintentionally (obviously speaking with very low probabilities) you can get to modify the untethered files and restore your device
is there any way to reboot the device and have the jailbreak remain? my iphone 6 glitches out a lot so if i reboot it, it helps
hi everyone. so i just dug out of my closet a iphone 6 running software version 12.5.4 i want to jailbreak this phone as i dont want to jailbreak my own phone, so i added a new apple id to and and factory reset it just because im paranoid of my information being stolen. i want to find a good guide to jailbreak my phone, and i dont trust the random indian guys on youtube that use weird safari apps. i am using my windows laptop, where can i find a guide to jailbreak my device, and some guides to get me started so i know some cool functions of my device?
i know this is probably asked a lot but is it possible to jailbreak iphone 12 mini  v14.7.1 my friend wont stop bugging me about it
hi, i would like to jailbreak my 1st gen iphone se on 14.4, and on ios.cfw.guide it says i need to use odysseyra1n, but it also says "after installing checkra1n, we'll be using a script to install odysseyra1n" but i dont see a guide for checkra1n, can somebody link me it?
you can mute everyone pings, they're pretty much always used when there's a new stable ios release or a new jailbreak
it's not even confirmed if it'll work on final 16 anyways, though you can't really patch a bootrom exploit
i changed system version plist to 15.6.1 then suddenly my iphone restarted then i couldn't jailbreak
can someone help me? trying to jailbreak my iphone 6 with ios 11.1.2 but sideloadly won't install their app on my phone eventho its plugged in and connected
help me. when i want to download checkra1n via bios with a flash drive, i can't select legacy, it's not there, what should i do?
and i'm also getting an ipad soon, what ipad do you guys suggest i get for jailbreaking. looking to get one of the pros. any suggestions?
if i stay on old ios versions for jailbreak and an app requires me to use a newer ios version, is there a way for me to spoof the ios version to a newer one
i have an iphone se (2020) on 15.5. is it possible to downgrade the ios to like 14.8 to jailbreak it or will i just have to wait?
so if you are not happy with the jailbreak and want ios 16, you can unjailbreak, update and then you have the option to go back to 15.4.1 if you change your mind!
to restore from ios 15 i have to set my generator on jb state, but how can jailbreak ios 15? without risking with checkra1n untested
my iphone is on 15.6.1 are there any jailbreaks or would i have to go through a headache of backups and resets?
hey guys just got a new iphone xs from craigslist still on ios 12.1 can i jailbreak it (updating to ios 15 right now btw)
i'm on 15.4.1 and can i save blobs now and update? i want to use the new features but if a jb becomes available i want to be able to downgrade.
when i select a bootable flash drive in the bios, i cannot start in checkra1n, the boot fail window pops up
to anyone reading this message and may or may not have read any other messages i have previously sent: i just want to state and clarify that i, cum, did not cum on an ios 15 jailbreak in the past hour. in fact, no message mentioning one exists in this channel. though if one did, i, cum, would like to state that i currently am not interested in cumming, as i currently cummed on the best version of ios ever made, ios cum, on my iphone 11, which contains a sperm, the fastest chip that ios cum runs on. i would just like to reiterate that this is not a cum to any message sent in this channel (since none exists), but rather a cum that stands by its own. thank you for understanding.
help me. when i want to download checkra1n via bios with a flash drive, i can't select legacy, it's not there, what should i do?
hi all. i'm new here. i'm thinking of buying a small phone, have a iphone 7 in mind, but it is updated to 15.6, is there any chance that phone will be jailbreak-able in the future or is it a no-go ? cuz if no i would not buy it. my bad if its a silly question
is it possible to downgrade to a previous version of ios? im on ios 15 and i wanna get ios 14 for unc0ver
hi i want to jailbreak my iphone 12 ive never done this before but i want to know do i need a computer or can it be done without one?
if you are asking about the fugu15 jailbreak honesty i don't think we'll have any devs to work on it as i think coolstar will be done after 15.1.1
need some help. planning to update from ios 13.5 while still jailbroken but i like to not to go over ios 14.8 so i can keep uncover. is there a way to do this?
i have a big question. if i get a m1 ipad i can't use it to do programming and all the stuff i read says to use ssh to some server or to use ish. but os running in ish is not native but emulated. jailbreaking the m1 ipad means that i can get a native shell then install python, vim and tmux and so i can program on it right?
ios 15 jailbreak is a clown world. i feel sorry to those who are waiting for the ios 15 jailbreak, and did so to sacrifice the new features. i personally don't care about updating my ipados on my ipad pro, which is why it has stayed on ios 15.1. but many have wanted to enjoy the new features, but chose with jailbreak because they believed it'd be coming. i guess it is, but with no tweaks in a month time if coolstar is the only one working on a jb. sad.
so i just came here to make sure that when a ios 15 jailbreak does come i can jailbreak it and than just have it jailbroken without me failling
may be a very stupid question, i apologize; why is a jailbreak required to use future restore still? ik you had to set apnounce before, but as it defaults to: `0x1111111111111111`, with an iphone x and checkra1n, can i downgrade at all? (i got bootlooped on ios 14 and screwed over. stuck on 15.6)
how do i reset my iphone and jailbreak? it's so unstable it crashed during the night and my alarm didn't go off. how do i start fresh?
fugu15 (a developer jailbreak) is gonna release in like a month or 2, which can be used for other developers for their own jailbreak
i have an iphone 6s plus, ios 14.3, uncover jailbreak 6.1.0, altstore...my problem is bc of personal reasons i was unable to refresh my apps in altstore for a week and my phone got turned off and i lost my jailbreak..i also no longer have a computer..is there anything i can do to get my jailbreak back
i honestly don't know what 15.6.1 changed but depending on how severe it is, it could be simple or it could require a whole new exploit
i have an ios back up on version 15.5 is it worth reverting to it if i want to jailbreak my phone? i am currently on 15.6.1
i don't there is any hope for ios 15 jailbreak even after a year there is no jailbreak for it. even the checkm8 bootrom vulnerability exploit can't make it work for ios15
what if i could take the storage chip out of the iphone completely, connect it to my computer, reverse engineer iboot completely all the way to source code, recompile a deliberately flawed version of iboot, jailbreak my device.
are there anyways to install ipa into ios (15.6.1) without jailbreak? i think itune method is outdated.
it's gonna be like an exploit chain and a bunch of other stuff that's gonna be useful for other jailbreak developers to use, the creator in the past has released fugu and fugu14 and they were basically the same thing as unfinished and for developers to use
i can sense that when ios 16 releases there will be an ios 16.x blah blah exploit and everyone will update
so im trying to jailbreak my iphone 4 but idk where to start. it's running 7.1.2 and idk how to downgrade it
when cs releases it, or someone decides to make a full on jb using (currently unreleased) fugu15 template
i have iphone xs at 14.8 current jailbroken and have shsh 15.1 saved would i able to upgrade to 15.1 late when jailbreak released? and what features the phone will lost ?
honestly i dont think you should be jailbreaking if you don't know what finder is you'll end up bricking your iphone somehow by installing shit you shouldn't be
hey so i need some help, im currently on a iphone xr running ios 14.8 unc0ver. i have another iphone xr running ios 15.5 non-jailbroken. how would i go about switching my current phone to the new phone? i have saved blobs so if waiting for ios 15.5 jailbreak is the way then i can do that.
i have a quick question, maybe someone can help. i have an old iphone 11 that i jailbroke on 14.x with uncover. i want to sell it so ive been trying to wipe, restore, and update in itunes (since erase all doesnt remvoe jb as far as im aware), but i keep getting error 11. any ideas?
how close are we to a jailbreak for ipados 15.2.1? i have an air 2 that i want to make better use of.
many jailbreak developers have already started developing jailbreak ios 15.6.1 apps and they are hoping to release them as soon as possible. however, at this moment, there is no publicly released fully functional jailbreak for ios 15.6.1 devices. so you cannot download cydia ios 15.6.1 app store on your device at this moment.
really limited on what you could do tbh (compared to ios jailbreaking, android custom roms is something entirely different though)
since apple locks you out of seeing battery health just because they can if you change the battery on anything newer then the iphone x is there a way to see the health with a jailbreak tweak or something?
what was the point of even "adding 15 & 16 support" if no jailbreak will even use sub unless u0 and besides how the hell are you going to test it
so, if i want to jailbreak in the forseeable future. should i get a 13 pro (on 15.x) instead of a 14 pro?
yeah so uhhh, currently ios 15 is not jailbreakable but for ios 15.0 - 15.1.1 you can be expecting a jailbreak soon (no eta) and no unfortunately there is no possible way to downgrade your ios version to ios 14 or whatever to jailbreak
idk if im allowed to ask this here, but i have an old iphone thats mine and i used an apple id i have no access to to activate it, i reset the phone and its asking me to do activation lock when i dont know the email i used. can i jailbreak at this point to bypass this or no
hi yall. i just tried to delete an app to install it again from the app store but on the store it says that is already installed and app manager shows the app installed too. 14.1 a14 taurine
can you explain me more about the 14.x does that mean that i can sort a keep my jailbreak after reboot?
i currently have a jb iphone 7 on ios 14.6... there's a bug where i can't click apps on the homescreen. would it be worth it to upgrade to ios 14.8.1?
i guess ill jailbreak it just for the fun of it, is there a way to make snapchat work with ios 11, it requires 12 maybe a spoof or some idk
we haven't even finished 15.1 yet. finding a vuln in something such as beta software would get patched relatively quickly and using one in a jailbreak before apple knows about it would be a zero day
so i downloaded the .deb file and transfered it to my iphone but unable to install filza and i cannot find a single thread that tells me how to, i think i need cydia but i dont know how to get that either. apparently your phone needs to be jailbroken? but i thought cydia jailbreaks it. its been a while since ive jailbroken something and im so lost
guys then if there is not untethered jb for ios 13. can you suggest any cool tweaks for it at least?
at first, when i had my eyes gaze upon this comment, i was stunned. how could flower, a certified genius, dislike not just a great ios version, but ios 13, the best version of ios ever made? 13.5 was when unc0ver 5.0 came out, and unc0ver got credited in 13.5.1, and i know how much flower loves unc0ver. however, upon reading it more, i have realized flower never specifies 13.0-13.7, flower only says 13. now, at first thought, i was, "oh, flower hates every ios version, including 13.5.1, the best version of ios", but now that i think about it, apple releases ios versions never as ".0". ios 15.0 was just ios 15, ios 14.0 was just ios 14, etc - and ios 13.0 **was just ios 13**. once i came to realize this thought a sudden shock of happy relief refilled me. flower doesn't hate ios 13.5.1. she only hates ios 13.0. i am really satisfied upon coming to the conclusion of this fact, and everything now makes sense. though, i must warn flower that this still looks very alarming at first glance. someone could easily confuse it with hating all versions of ios 13 (including 13.5.1) which may cause them to freak and possibly have a heart attack. hence, flower, i'd recommend for the future you specify 13.0. thank you for your consideration.
odyssey and unc0ver are both semi-untethered and these are your only jailbreaks that you can use for your device and ios version
i just had to get a new phone because my carrier dropped support for my iphone 6, thye gave me an iphone 13 with ios 15.5. how screwed am i for whatever future jailbreak comes out?
hey guys, i have a question. i have an iphone 6s that is running ios 14.6, can i jailbreak my phone with unc0ver?
community question: is it possible that the ios 15 jailbreak is taking so long because of how they are switching from regular to rootless?
i was thinking of factory restoring and re jailbreak. is it possible to restore without updating ios?
is apple lying about how 15.61 fixes a security issue and just wants to make sure no jailbreaks happen
guys, if i don't care about any data on my iphone, but want to get rid of all jailbreak files on my phone, how do i do that? i already did a full restore but there are still some jb files on the phone it seems
yeah maybe is there 1 problem i had fugo 14 and it was stuck so i couldnt jb with fugo will checkra1n still work ? and i dont have mac os atm so its kinda bad on windows tried use odesyra1n to jb a different device didnt work so just try linux than ?
i'm a total noob just looking to jailbreak an iphone 8 to get that one appstore, are there any guides out there?
i'm a total noob just looking to jailbreak an iphone 8 to get that one appstore, are there any guides out there?
now, when you do jailbreak the ipod touch, when you restart, the jailbreak will be gone. you can use the device as stock, or re-jailbreak it.
is there going to be some sort of new jailbreak with this new security vulnerability that all news networks are talking about or should i just upgrade my ios firmware.
so i was wondering, i used to jailbreak back in the iphone 3gs days and it was sick, however i know that despite there being tweaks i really want the entire process looks so annoying now with constantly having to worry about how apple decides to push software to devices. is it truly as annoying as it seems?
one mistake in my statement that the others here corrected: it also only works on devices that can be exploited by checkra1n, so the iphones 6s-x
what are you looking to achieve while rooting, what do you need it for? lots of things that you need a jailbreak for on ios you can do without rooting on android
i did the plist downgrade to ios 8 on my ipod touch 5 (so i could boot into an untethered jailbreak) then used coolbooter for 6.1.3
hi guys. i am currently on ios 16 public beta. i have an iphone 13 pro max. what is the best thing i can do for jailbreak?
what versions of ios and macos are exploited right now?  supposedly full control of device? anybody have info on this
hello. i am new here. i like to know if there are any jailbreak for ipad pro 5 gen running ios v:15.6
hi just wondering is there any way to jailbreak an iphone 8 ios 15.6? im assuming not from my research
i'm on ios 16, iphone xs, i know i can't jaiibreak in my current state, but what should i do to jailbreak as soon as possible?
is there an update blocker? i just really wanna jailbreak my 15.5 iphone x but ill need to wait so its gonna give me updates so is there any update blocker without a jailbreak?
is there anyway to downgrade ipod touch 7th generation from 15.5 to something jailbreakable like 14.8?
guys help what would i do if my iphone 7 plus 14.4.1 restart and then i tried to install checkrain again but only shows after dfu checking the device ready stuck there
you need to figure out how to boot into your bios and set the boot priority to your bootable usb drive and after you booted into odysseyn1x, jailbreak with checkra1n and then install odysseyra1n
yeah well anyways, for ios 14.6-14.8 u0 only supports a12-a13 devices (ipads are not supported) for whatever reason
is there anyway to safely downgrade my version of ios or do i just have to wait until someone makes a jailbreak for 15.3
very stupid question, i have a jailbroken ipad 5 on 13.5, is there a good current guide on what to do to get it updated to 14 but still have unc0ver work? thanks!
should i update to ios 16 or stay at 14.6 and pray a jailbreak is released at some point in my lifetime?
actually they kind of do since newer ones add better security, this is why you can only jailbreak certain versions on a14 etc
fugu15 is not going to be for end users and will be mostly just a series of exploits which can be used in a jailbreak
if i wanted to switch to chimera , but have icloud bypassed ipad with checkra1n, how do i go about this if at all ?
15.0 - 15.3.1 would bootloop you too if you went to it, 15.4 - 15.4.1 you can't go to anyway since you have no bootrom exploit to use and i highly doubt you saved blobs months prior of you sending your latest message
wait so i have a point(maybe the dumbest) if apple knows that theres no jb for ios 15 why would they update their shit more on ios 16 . what i want to say is that an ios 16 jb will come easier(no?)
i think i've asked here already but i dont remember, is there any channel or anything to be updated on jb for ios 15?
can i find any info or something on why its hared to jailbreak the new ios version and etc? very intrested. any videos??
guys, i want to jailbreak one of my old ipads to download this game that is not on the appstore anyway
if i wanna start fresh on an iphone (without any jailbreak files), can i just restore as new iphone and then connect icloud to get my notes, contacts etc? and just reinstall all apps manually? will that work?
coolstar pretty much said that *eventually* all ios 15 versions will be supported by cheyote at least on a11- but with fugu15 some support is probably also likely to happen for 15.2-15.4.1 (but idk for sure if she said anything about that specifically)
any updates from the cheyote devs on ios 15jb yet? mad rush for everyone to get to 15.4.1 then all gone quiet
the checkra1n jailbreak uses the checkm8 exploit of axi0mx. it supports up to ios 14.8.1. current issues with this tool include linux terminal ui freezes, corrupt a9x kernel information, a8x won't boot (both can be fixed with older pongoos) a7 needs a workaround or doesn't work at all, and a11 doesn't work with sep and doesn't work properly with amd computers on some devices
speaking of jb, im just gonna sit on 14.5.1 until october when that talk comes around. i dont have 15.4.1 blobs saved nor do i know how to save them since its unsigned
hey is there any news at all on a jailbreak for ios 15.6 on devices like the iphone 13? like any rumours of tools being developed or exploits found? or basically nothing at all?
how could flower, a certified genius, dislike not just a great ios version, but ios 13, the best version of ios ever made? 13.5 was when unc0ver 5.0 came out, and unc0ver got credited in 13.5.1, and i know how much flower loves unc0ver.
at first, when i had my eyes gaze upon this comment, i was stunned. how could flower, a certified genius, dislike not just a great ios version, but ios 13, the best version of ios ever made? 13.5 was when unc0ver 5.0 came out, and unc0ver got credited in 13.5.1, and i know how much flower loves unc0ver. however, upon reading it more, i have realized flower never specifies 13.0-13.7, flower only says 13. now, at first thought, i was, "oh, flower hates every ios version, including 13.5.1, the best version of ios", but now that i think about it, apple releases ios versions never as ".0". ios 15.0 was just ios 15, ios 14.0 was just ios 14, etc - and ios 13.0 **was just ios 13**. once i came to realize this thought a sudden shock of happy relief refilled me. flower doesn't hate ios 13.5.1. she only hates ios 13.0. i am really satisfied upon coming to the conclusion of this fact, and everything now makes sense. though, i must warn flower that this still looks very alarming at first glance. someone could easily confuse it with hating all versions of ios 13 (including 13.5.1) which may cause them to freak and possibly have a heart attack. hence, flower, i'd recommend for the future you specify 13.0. thank you for your consideration.
question, not really jailbreak related but, i have an iphone 8 on ios 14.4 i want to restore it via itunes without updating, possible?
hey i saw that there was something interesting happening a few weeks ago with jailbreaking on newer phones and ioss. i was busy, of course. are there any good options for 14.2 iphone11 still available? if it makes a difference i do have unc0ver already working.
how would i jailbreak my stupid iphone? i always see these super clickbait videos that never get to the point and try to help with issues
the point is to discuss jailbreaking ios devices, which is not piracy by itself. it can be used for piracy, but, it is not piracy.
how do i update to ios 16? i updated my brother's device to ios 15.6 because he didnt want to wait for the ios 15 jb. do i have to download a profile or something?
no and theres not a jailbreak for ios 15 entirely and no there is not a single method to jb and no you cannot downgrade to ios 14
will i be able to downgrade from 15.5 b4 to stable 15.4.1 on my 13 pro once a jb has been released? battery life is horrible and i have saved blobs
sorry if this is a very noob question, but i didn't know wherelse to ask it, i hope it's ok here! i have an iphone se (2016) which is on 15.3.1 and i have blobs for a whole host of previous firmwares for the same phone, is it possible for me to downgrade in any way using futurerestore or any other tool? i believe i remember seeing that devices vulnerable to checkra1n had the ability to downgrade much easier than those that don't, but i may have been mistaken about that. i also don't care about touchid and needing to have the sep match.
hello everyone! i want to jailbreak my iphone but i dont know what video in yt is legit. anyone can help?
will it be will build a possiblejailbreak for 15.0 15 .11 be more likely to include a 15 iphones or exclude those
wait, if memory is literally just electricity. can't i use fucking electrons charged in a specific way to jailbreak my iphone running ios 16?
does anyone know if there has been any updates for a ios 15.2.1 jailbreak and if it will support the iphone xs max?
ive never before used a brand new jailbreak for a new never supported before ios, how long does it normally take for the more useful tweaks to update and come out?
why does checkrain not launch in windows 10 with usb. i made it prioritu in bios nut it says system cannot verify on windoes 10
why does checkrain not launch in windows 10 with usb. i made it prioritu in bios nut it says system cannot verify on windoes 10
what ios version are you on, if you are on ios 15 then you cannot jailbreak at all and no you cannot downgrade unfortunately
all versions of ios 14 are jailbreakable right? like if my brother has an iphone xr on ios 14.7.1 and he just wipes it he can reset it and everything and if i set it up i can jailbreak it?
honestly i thought i was on 15.5 so was kinda disappointed with the exploits being released, but then i found out i was on 15.4 and fugu15 was announced
the people who update from 15.1 or something will be pissed that cheyote released than a "full" jailbreak for 15.4.1
before i attempt to delayota to 15.1.1 and ruin my chances of jailbreaks: is it even possible now using an iphone 12?
i was wondering, i know they may not be compatible on same ios, but how does unc0ver vs chimera vs checkra1n compare?.
hi, i'm new to jailbreaking and i downgraded some weeks ago to ios 15.5 beta 4. ios 16 beta 5 is out and i wanna try that, but i have to save blobs for downgrading from ios 16 beta 5 to ios 15.5 beta 4. how can i save my blobs?
hi. i have a jailbroken ipad on 13.5 is there a way i can update and still have it jailbroken or do i have to uninstall the jailbreak?
my device gets stuck while opening some random apps, and i have to force reboot constantly. is there any way to fix this issue?  i'm using iphone 11 + fugu 14.
bruh i tried to browse the subreddit for like 10 minutes but found no info: is it possible to jailbreak ios 15.6?
wait what? i thought the big thing with u0 was that you could just grab the latest and it would work for any ios from ios 11-14...
not sure if i'm committing a cardinal sin, but is it possible to jailbreak 14.4.2 on iphone 8+? i'm futurerestoring to jailbreak again.
hello! sorry if this has been asked a million times, but is it possible to jailbreak an a12z 11" ipad pro (os 15.3.1)? ive been looking it up for a while and it seems not only if i can get it to downgrade to 14.8, am i right with that or is there another newer method?
suppose a jailbreak that works for m1 ipads on 14.7.1 released. would i be better off jailbreaking my device or just getting the new 16 features?
how do i put my iphone 4 into dfu mode without the home button so i can disable the exploit with ios ota downgrader
hey guys, so im currently trying to downgrade to ios 14 so i can jailbreak, but obv its not signed and i keep running into walls
i need help - i have an iphone 7 with checkra1n on 14.5.1  im trying to reset my phone to get unbanned in an app, so how can i do it? just roofs restore + reset from settings?
so right now the closes we're at is 15.0 - 15.1.1, but later down the line at october a 15.4.1 dev jailbreak is gonna be shown off, and released for other jb devs to use for their own jailbreaks
for the fugu14 battery log issue, i read that you can disable the powerloghelperd daemon. i disabled it and it only gathers data for like 30 min then it stops working. is there anything else different i should be doing?
oh also i have my iphone se on bootloop how do i save blobs since checkra1n detects it as jailbreakable in recovery
i have an iphone 6 plus and dont really know much about how to jailbreak it. any help on how to do it and what "alternative os" to load onto it (is that even how it works) i just want somebody to explain my options and the basics of how this works.
is there a way to jailbreak iphone 13 pro max ios 15.5 my dumbass switched phone before checking the newer phones update
i still love how you could homebrew your 3ds by just downloading a game from the eshop and typing in a 16 digit code in the games menu that triggered an exploit.
alright, in need of help still. my phone has been stuck on the apple logo for over an hour, been trying to let it die. jailbreaking with checkra1n shows the checkra1n screen, it says it booted, but stays on the logo. finally gave up and wanted to restore from a backup, can't even do that. says i need to disable find my iphone
and there was this thing where you could check your ipad and see if you could jailbreak it could anyone help me?
like i had with my iphone 6, i would use checkra1n when i could and unc0ver when i didn't have access to a comptuer
how did the old bootrom exploit based untethered cfw jailbreaks work, did ios just not have any protection against that
i think i fixed it. i just restarted my device to unjailbreak it and now it works again. also anyone know if appstore++ works in ios 14
*that is unless you replace firmware in the ipsw but as of now if you have a 15 blob only and no blobs for 15 like 14.8.1 then you cannot do checkra1n
idk if i should be asking here or on the switch hacking servers but if i jailbreak my iphone is there a way to use it to inject a payload into my switch like you can on android?
hey guys, can i save a blobs for 15.5b4 ver., update to 15.6, and back to 15.5b4 when jb for this version will be released?
i havent had jailbreak for 6-7 years. now i stopped at 15.5, installed tv os beta profile not to get any more notifications. main reason is car bridge. does anyone have any idea, how long i will need to wait for jb to be available on 15.5? maybe there is some partial jb just for carbridge?
they should do that so u0 can get a a bad rep for bricking phones like taurine did for excaberating the ios 14 bootloop issue
the way i got my current iphone was by asking for the oldest phone they had in stock, needed one on a version i could jb
since the ios 15 jb will be rootless, can someone give an example of a popular tweak that does indeed require root and one that doesn't cause my jb knowledge is pretty limited
another dumb question - is it possible (and worthwhile if possible) to upgrade to 14 on my ipad before jbing?
does anyone here really understand anything about jailbreaking 15.5 or are everyone waiting for the software?
does anyone have links to the official websites for software i can use to jailbreak my 1st gen ipad? im not sure what im looking for and the things i do find are on weird sites and report as malicious on virustotal
can we ever "undo" jailbreaking, and take the idevice back to the original ios version like it used to be?
is there any way to update from 13.3.1 to the latest jailbreakable firmware? or downgrade from 15.5? both iphone x
people thought that was true because of checkm8, a bootrom exploit that's hardware specific. but ios 15 created some obstacles before checkra1n (the jailbreak) can work
sort of. it has a bootrom exploit on any ios, but not necessarily a full-on jailbreak for every ios. the jailbreakable versions are 11.0-14.8.1
so ive got a question, after brief research ive seen a few things floating around that the iphone x is jailbreakable on any ios. is this the case or?
yo noob question here if i have saved the blobs for 15.5 beta 4 and upgrade to 15.6 can i downgrade to 15.5 beta 4 when an jailbreak is out or in general can i downgrade somehow?
is it possible perhaps to upgrade to a slightly less than latest version of ios? to increase my odds of jailbreak in the future?
hello, i am on ios 13.5 with iphone8, using unc0ver jb. i want to upgrade to 14.3, but i don't have stored blobs. i saw one way to do this usiung mybloxx and a custom profile, but that seems to have expired. is there any other way? or am i just screwed? can i do it the old way download the ios update and install via computer (i.e. not ota)?
packix has a tweak that i use on all my jbed ios 14 devices that doesn't seem to be on havoc or charzar or anything.
it's the jb detection. you can't fix it on ios 15 without either waiting for a jb or restoring your device without then restoring a backup.
hello everyone how do i use pokemon go official app. it keeps crashing when i open it. i recently updated to ios 15. i used uncover to jailbreak back in ios 13. anyone know how to fix this ty
last thing for right now and thank you all for the help. is there a way to jailbreak airtag support on my ios version? since it only supports 14.5 and later.
im on stock ios 15, and want to update to ios 16, but my ota daemon is disabled. even though my phone isnt supported by something like unc0ver, could i download it just to restore rootfs?
good morning. can anyone tell me if the fugu15 event on wednesday will be recorded so i can watch it later?
i did the dumbest shit hopefully someone gets a laugh out of it, got a basically mint iphone x for like $60 on like 13.6 and for some dumb fucking reason updated it even though i knew i wanted to jailbreak it
another thing, i have a jailbroken ipad pro 2nd gen on ipados 14.4 but i want to upgrade to 14.5.1 which is also jb, is there a way to do that?
hi i need to know if whit the jailbreak on ios we can use the animated wallpaper without touching the screen plz
hi i need to know if whit the jailbreak on ios we can use the animated wallpaper without touching the screen plz
hi i need to know if whit the jailbreak on ios we can use the animated wallpaper without touching the screen plz
an ios 16 exploit will drop and everyone will update to ios 16.x for possible jailbreak releasing in 28 months
someone know how to save blobs while stuck in recovery mode? im on ios 15 and im boot looping but want to be able to downgrade when a jailbreak is released, if thats possible
"a demo of fugu15 will also be shown, including an interesting (and uncommon) way to install fugu15 on a device."
hey guy can you tell me how to jailbreak my iphone 6s? 13.5 because checkra1n keeps crashing on my mac m1 max
so im on my jailbroken ipad mini 2 it has been jailbroke with chimera and has sileo can i get cydia or can i only get sileo im new to jailbreaking btw
where can i find out what type of device i have? i am trying to use unc0ver to jailbreak a 14.4.2 ios iphone 6s plus
i want to ask a question, i had a mouse with a keyboard to play games on an iphone with the gamesir emulator keyboard layout and mouse control, i looked that starting with ios 13.4 the touch screen interface was locked and it became impossible, is there a way to fix it using jailbreak?
hello, is there any recommendation on how can i increase the volume of a specific app or the general volume up for ios version 14.5 unc0ver ?
anyone know any soild tutorials for the fugu14 jailbreak ? just bought an iphone 11 pro max on 14.4.2
the thing with exploits is they are hard to make yet do not last long at all on ios once its found by apple
every channel always be like "ios 15.2-16.0 jailbreak has released for all devices, as well as the release of the new checkm9 bootrom exploit that supports all devices!" in the title but then the actual video is like "so basically nothing happened and theres no news for you"
sorry but i'm new to this world. i have a second phone, model xs. the running version is 15.4.1. what can i do with it if i want to install an app on cydia? can i jailbreak, downgrade or whatever i can do? thanks in advance
im trying to jailbreak my ipad with h3lix, ipad is 10.3.4 and i installed with "software" and it wont work, can someone help
no, i know that there is no jailbreak for my iphone yet, but it makes sense to wait for the release of jailbreak for version 15
heya! i have an old iphone 6 that i need to use for like couple of weeks instead of my 13. is there any reason to jailbreak it, maybe to get tweaks that can speed-up the old device.
on 14.1 you can use unc0ver or taurine, people tend to go to taurine when on 14 here so you can take your pick
im on ios 15.6 i think and want to get into jail breaking but dont know what vers to downgrade to, any help on that or jailbreak recommendations?
so you think the best i could go for, in terms of a somewhat soon jailbreak, is an original x then? cause this ip7 was a trial run for whether i'd switch to ios or not, and if i can jailbreak an x and sideload and do everything i do on android, i might get one
also, are there any posted information about the general discoveries of ios 15? not asking about jb wise but exploit wise
im new on this server and dont understand some things.can someone give me short answers on these..is jailbreak for 15.5 out,and if not,when it will be? btw sorry for bad english
i am sorry for pining you. i just would like to know how the checkra1n ios 15 development is going. i am not asking for eta. i just would like to know if you are close to the final release. thanks a lot in advance!
i am sorry for pining you. i just would like to know how the checkra1n ios 15 development is going. i am not asking for eta. i just would like to know if you are close to the final release. thanks a lot in advance!
do you know how long it would take for a jailbreak on 14.8.1, i mean i've been waiting since the beginning of last year
hello, i have a iphone xr 14.8.1, i have delayed updating for forever now becuase i'm waiting for a jailbreak, what should i do or are there any jailbreaks that support my device?
hey iam on iphone 12 pro max ios 14.1 jailbroken with taurine and saved blobs is it possible to get a chance for ios 15 jb if it comes in the future
i have this old ipad 3 and its jb with phoenix (cydia dont work tho) and im wondering if i can reset it to pre ios 6 (yknow the last one before they updated the look)
who knows, it may be impossible to even jailbreak 16 because of the hot fixes unless apple fucks up hard
shit actually, what ios should i be on right now to ensure i can get the jailbreak when it comes out?
yo waddup fellas, its been a while. my jailbroken ios 14 phone got stolen a year ago and when i got the new one the firmware wasn't compatible with the jailbreak at the time. sooo my question: is there any ios 15 releases that are currently jailbreakable? or are we still left in the dust.
so regardless of jailbreak status, you need xcode to compile apps for ios? is it possible to load some other os or something where this isn't the case?
so i have this ancient ipad (latest version of ios that it can update to is ios 9). i don't have a mac or anything to compile software for this ipad (apparently i need xcode, also for reference it'd be a qt app written in c++). could jailbreaking get around this? (letting me build the app on windows and then put it on the ipad)
ive a locked iphone 4s with ios 9.3.5 i'd bypass icloud verification and jailbreak the device but i dont find any good tutorial on youtube
i have a jb ios 14.5.1 but i did a rootfs few weeks ago and has i seen in announcements can i get a link or walkthrough of how to update to ios 15.4 so i can have a newer ios version and jailbreak
that's the problem, without a jailbreak you really can't unless you set the date back which will fuck things up or you just accept your fate and update back to ios 15.6
yall i have iphone 13 mini on 16os should i downgrade to 15.5 if i want to jailbreak it, like will there be chance for iphone 13 mini to be jailbroken?
yeah so if you jb on ios 15 when it comes out and you install a tweak for ios 14 that hasn't been updated for ios 14 it could break your phone
hello i just jalibreaked my iphone 6 and my sister turned iu t off so i lost my tweaks how do i reejailbreak or get the tweaks back somebody pls help!
how long until the 15.5b4 jailbreak is out. i get that the devs are working rlly hard but are there any estimates?
ios 16 jailbreak should be named pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis in reference to how long it takes to develop
is there any way to jailbreak without having passed  the itunes authentication when you reset an iphone?
modified my previous message, but is there anyway to keep face id when upgrading from 13.5 to prepare for the upcoming ios 15 jailbreak on an a12x ipad?
i have a concern about face id. i'm on 13.5 and i have blobs starting from 14.6, but being on a 3rd gen ipad pro it would really suck losing face id so it's a toss up right now with choosing to upgrade to 15.5 b4 which is still signed versus using futurestore and losing face id or to wait for a future jailbreak that is signed with a current firmware. is there any alternative that would keep face id for the upcoming jailbreak?
quick question, once the ios 15 jailbreak comes out, can you use a tweak to get newer emojis on older versions of ios 15.0-1.1
pretty sure it was the reverse (where pwn gave linus early builds of u0) - remember u0 does barely anything in the actual process when fugu14 is utilized
i know, but i mean, we know that ios 15 got new security stuff that made jailbreak much harder than it was before, what i'm asking is if 16 is at least similar to jailbreak on ios 15. because as fair as i know ios 13 - 14 jailbreak is similar, but 14 - 15, 15 is much harder. idk if i could explain well what i mean.
ok so don't update to anything? i've been on it a while now and a few apps are starting to say they need updating to use them. was hoping a later fw had been jailbreaken for me. the ios scene is so hard to get reliable info for.
hi, i've been way out of the loop recently. is there an upcoming jb for 15.5 beta 4 for a14? i assume the announcements are urging me to upgrade to 15.5 beta 4 for that reason? im on 14.3
hello, does anybody know why do i have developer settings in a newly setup device? i bought this iphone 8 from a stranger. can anything jailbreak related be done by those settings? unofrtunetely is on 15.5, wanted to downgrade to 15.5b3 but then i found those settings
maybe but idk man if everything goes well they will probably make an update to their jailbreak supported ios versions and add that ver too but that can take some months
so it worked !!! but the tool said failed to restore. i proceded to boot the device, and i am now on ios 14.8. thank you for this tool !!! but since its tethered downgrade. how can i jailbreak the device with checkra1n ?
hi, i have an iphone 12 mini ios 14.6 and i installed unc0ver correctly but it says unsupported while in uncover announcements it says that 14.6 would be supported, do you have any idea why
how can i get into ios hacking? i want to learn about how jailbreaks work, and how the ios internals work.
should i avoid getting an a15 device if i want the newest jb ? i heard it will only support up to a14
dumb question: couldn't permasigner for 15.x work (once a jailbreak becomes available) by installing stuff as app store apps
thats not possible for filza to work on 15.4.1, it requires an exploit which is only possible on 15.0-15.1.1
can someone help? my jailbroken iphone wont charge past 80% but when i restart my phone and dont jailbreak it it charges to 100%
i wanna buy iphone 13 pro max on 15.1.1 in order to jb it as soon as cheyote releases. but i heard there were some issues where 120 hz isnt working properly before ios 15.3. can someone tell me something about that?
hi! i've just helped a family member move to an iphone se 2, and i've now got the iphone se 1st gen they moved from. i planned to do the usual and use odysseyra1n on it, but it's on 13.7. i know a fair bit about jailbreaking but nothing about upgrading to the non-latest versions. is there anything i can do to get it to a vulnerable ios 14 version?
face id will be broken until you go to 15.4 or later (also a couple other things but they can all be fixed after jailbreaking with otaenabler)
could someone explain to me when i go to install uncover through altstore it says cannot find server when i have ipad connected to pc ty
when an ios 15 jailbreak is released for my device, can i upgrade from ios 14 to 15 without blobs using an ipsw?
dead new to jailbreaking, how does downgrading ios version work if possible at all? can you do it without jailbreaking (with a pc and all?)
can someone please walk me through this? attempting to jailbreak an se running ios 14.6. thank you in advance.
in the announcements i saw the chart regarding what to do to prepare for the new jailbreak and what ios version to stay on but i had a question. i'm currently on 15.5 with blobs for pretty much everything below that so i could go back to 15.1 if i wanted but the recommendation is to stay where i am. one of the other bubbles shows that futurerestoring below 15.3.1 will cause face id to stop working. i'm going to just stay where i am since its safe but i'd like to know why going below 15.3.1 would cause face id to stop working and if there is anyway to safely drop back down without things not working so i can jailbreak as soon as it drops.
i still got a iphone 6s plus on 15.2 icloud locked. can't wait till someone gets the jailbreak working
will the method get patched or will it work forever? wondering if i can just wait for a jb to drop for ios 15 and then do it
hey, i have been on 13.3.1 and i deleted jailbreak (unc0ver, rootfs method for removing) and then i updated my device to 15.5 beta 4. some of my apps still sense some of jailbreak files on my phone, how can i get rid of those?
hey, i have been on 13.3.1 and i deleted jailbreak (unc0ver, rootfs method for removing) and then i updated my device to 15.5 beta 4. some of my apps still sense some of jailbreak files on my phone, how can i get rid of those?
hello, i have a question. does anyone know, what can i do to jailbreak my old ipod touch 4g? on the newest itunes it works perfectly fine and i can restore it. but on itunes 12.0.1 or below, which is required for redsn0w or any other limera1n based jailbreak it is only being recognized in dfu mode. also in redsn0w it is not being recognized and even if i restore it or use it on another computer
checkm8 has nothing to do with your ios version. it's just checkra1n that needs a rework. besides, you couldn't really predict all the things that apple changes in 15. (maybe when there was a beta) but still
i put ios 15.5 b4 on my iphone 7, save the blobs and go back to normal when i leave jb can i come here without jb?
the gui isn't released yet, again it just jailbreaks with checkra1n so it would only work jailbreaking phones for 14.8.1-
the crashes on uncover are due to fugu 14 from what i know, it is necessary to wait for an update of taurine which will be made after the release of cheyote to replace uncover because apparently uncover will not be updated, in any case that is not planned in the immediate future!
i mean i heard you could actually downgrade with a jailbreak app from your phone, so would it work with the new 15+ jailbreak and if yes would it be tether is my question
iirc if you do it then manually install substitute (somehow?) you get a very jank but technically fully working taurine+fugu14 setup
the purple screen sounds like u0 to me though just in that we get past the relevant steps with fugu14 and it can successfully bootstrap the device
is it beneficial in anyway to go to 15.5 from 15.4, i know people say stay on the lowest, but i mean if we do get a jailbreak for 15.5 which is better?
hey i have a question iam on iphone 12 pro max 14.1 taurine and saved all blobs but for me its not possible to update for ios 15 jailbreak or is there a chance ?
how do i jailbreak my iphone 7 plus ios 15.6 for free? either all the videos on youtube are scams or i have to pay 5$ to get cydia
if im on ios 15.5 is there anything i can do so that im able to jailbreak my phone when the ios 15 jailbreak comes out
just so you know, you currently can't jailbreak ios 15 but eventually there will be one for 15.0-15.1.1
15.0-15.1.1 would be a way better place to be at jailbreaking wise but you likely cannot go to 15.0-15.1.1 unless you saved blobs and are on an a11 or lower device
i mean it puts you at a good spot with the flow_divert poc and fugu15 but if you desire you can also delay ota to 15.4.1 which will put you onto a more stable firmware with the same bugs
you'll want to wait until a 15 jb is released, then (assuming your device is jailbroken on 14.8) update to 15 using blobs
hi all i have read there is going to be a jailbreak released soon. i have the ipad are 3 on iso 14.6 will this be compatible with the new jailbreak
havent really kept up to date with everything for a bit, but can you jailbreak ios 14.8.1 on iphone 11
15.5 beta 4 is vulnerable to the same exploit as 15.4.1, i recommend downgrading if you want a jailbreak any time soon
yo so i kinda reset my phone and my music app aint available in my region how would i bypass that im not jb and on 15.5
i have an ipad air 2 ios 14.4 i have tried jb in unc0ver and several others. and it still is unsupported. can anyone help? thanks i really appreciate it.
can i just confirm, if i have an iphone on 15.4, and whenever the jailbreak for that is released, if i make an shsh blob, it will be for whatever version of ios apple is currently signing?
because i could stay jailbroken on 14.8 then use blobs to go to 15.5b4 when the jb comes out. if i use delayota then il be stuck withh no jb for god knows how long
hi friends, with all the updates regarding the upcoming jailbreak, i have an m1 ipad pro on ipados 14.6. is there an existing jailbreak for this device at this version or should i update using the delayota method?
yo gigachad jb community i need some good suggestions on how to fucking fix this ebay iphone. the board is telling me fmi is on and i have a feeling that this has board has been wiped
so in the announcements page there saying 15.6 released but to not update is there a reason for that last i heard 15.5 was not supported by the upcoming jb
and there is any chance of some demo or some progress in ios 15.4.1 jb from linus henze before oct 6.?
sorry to interrupt any convo guys. i just want to find out how to downgrade from 15.5 to 15.5 beta 4 to be able to jailbreak in the future.
im still keeping 14.6 on my iphone, 15.2- is the closest we can get to a jailbreak, anything newer requires a special type of exploit (which i dont remember the name but last time we got was like ios 9) and iirc 15.4.1 patched some checkra1n stuff
does anyone know if being on 15.4.1 iphone is still viable for the jailbreak, or should update to the 15.5 beta 4?
hi i have an iphone se 2 and i had it on 15.1 and after seeing no jailbreak i updated to ios 16 but i backed it up on ios 15, can i downgrade
if i downgraded from the latest ios public beta to ios 15.5 beta 4 (in preparation for the soon-to-come jailbreak), would there be any way to restore from a backup from a newer ios version?
hello i have a iphone 11 (a13 device) currently on ios 14.8 jailbroken with unc0ver. but i want to upgrade to 15.1 with futurestore is that possible ?
they have no reason to stop signing older os's apart from stopping people from jailbreaking. sure, you could say "security updates, blah blah blah" but if i manually go and restore an older version of ios through finder, i think i'm aware of the risks.
all devices which have currently released excluding the ones which started with 15.x have a jailbreak on a lot of different supported versions
i jailbroke my iphone 6 plus a few years ago with unc0ver and now it is stuck in a strange boot loop. the apple logo appears, disappears, and all i see is a black screen with a white line of pixels offset somewhere in the middle. then it shows the apple logo again. is there a way to physically hard-reset the device? i think it is royally borked.
so if a jailbreak comes out for ios 15.5b4 and you are on that for a while, then a jailbreak comes out for ios 16 beta, you can use the jailbreak you are on to set your nonce and upgrade assuming you have blobs?
like pretend 15.5 never gets a jailbreak and 15.5b4 only gets a jb. would that mean i can downgrade to 15.5b4 despite being unjailbroken on 15.5
so should i just stay and hopefully i saved blobs and i can update to 15.4.1 when a jailbreak comes out
because i'ma ask and haven't been in here for i don't know how long is their even a jailbreak for 15.3
hello, according to the most recent announcement, can i downgrade my iphone 11 pro to 15.5 beta and later i might be able to jailbreak?
support for ios 15.2 - 15.4.1 will be looked into afterwards but is not guaranteed""""" so how 15.5 beta 4 could be able to jailbreak. what do you know that we dont
if you are on ios 15.5 or 16.0, downgrade to ios 15.5 beta 4.  waaiit means i can jailbreak my xs max once jailbreak goes out?
i have problem with my iphone 11 pro. it keep restarting with or without jailbreak. is there anyway to find out what make it keep restart please
im planning on updating, my work app is now not supporting 14.3 anymore, dont really mind losing my jailbreak anymore
u can update to 15.4 with blobs. spe didnt changed so face id still works and fugu15 is gonna get demoed in october
will people even bother developing anything for 16+ even if a vulnerability is discovered? seems like devs and users both are losing interest in the jb scene
in case a bug gets patched in 15.6 that can be used for a jailbreak in 15.5, and if a jailbreak supports 15.6 it'll most likely support 15.5 anyway
okay so if i want to have a chance for the jailbreak i should downgrade to 15.5 or 15.4.1 from 16.0?
is there a possibility of a 14.7.1 jb for m1 ever happening, or should i just cut my losses and update?
checkra1n probably wont last much longer now that i think about it. considering a11 iphones are the only ones vulnerable to checkm8 but can still update to newer versions
honestly now that fugu15 was announced to be real and will be shown off in like 2 and a half months i'm probably never going to update my phone past 15.4.1
15. - 15.1.1 has a jailbreak on the horizon. 15.2 - 15.3.1 is possible to follow in the near future. 15.4.1 is a small possibility, possibly next year. 15.5+ is probably sol
cuz when jailbreaking ios 12.5.5 (ipad mini 2) i think, it always gives me a kernel error, or creating data structure error, any fix? ( with unc0ver)
i have a question with jailbreaking ios 12.5.5 (ipad mini 2) i think, it always gives me a kernel error, or creating data structure error, any fix?
i would but it's not a total necessity for me to update yet, so i'll just enjoy my jailbreak for a couple more months, i guess. jailbreaking truly is getting harder to do, ios 16 around the corner and not a jailbreak for ios 15 still which is shocking yet not so suprising
ios is already extremely good for privacy, if anything a jailbreak arguably can make it worse since a jailbreak exploits *security vulnerabilities*
trying to jailbreak iphone 5s on 12.5.5 with chimera. sideloadly keeps giving me "gurumeditation file is not a zip file" error. any help?
i heard it to many times that jailbreak for ios 15 will be released in near future. so i would like to know what means near future, some week, some months or next year
i think its gonna be easier to just buy a new iphone 14 with ios 16 and just face the music and not having a jailbreak anymore
whats the best free youtube tweak right now for taurine xr 14.3 and also any to auto save blobs from phone.
i have an ipp the one with the mini led. is its possible to jailbreak it and if so it worth doing on an ipad? its on 14.5 i think
if i were to buy an iphone 13 pro or pro max now would it come on a jailbreakable firmware and can it persist between reboot
im bored so i made a quick patch to checkra1n to make it that 15.5 is supported and that a15 is supported like my phone but i want it to actually say the device name
ive got blobs for 15, 15.0.1, 15.1, and 15.5. should i upgrade to any of these or stay on 14.8 with jb
if i save blobs for ios 15.1 and go to ios 16 could i go back to ios 15.1 whenever the jailbreak comes out
i have a few devices jailbroken on 14.2 with unc0ver, can i just delete unc0ver and install taurine or do i have to un-jailbreak unc0ver and then jailbreak again with taurine?
i have a 4s on ios 8.3, and 8.3 is unjailbreakable, (if it isn't, then i forgot what ios, whichever it is wasn't jailbreakable as far as i remember), and i wanted to jailbreak it, but i dont want to update it, someone once told me to save blobs, but blobsaver only saves blobs for the ios versions still signed, is it possible to save blobs of unsigned versions, at least given you're updated to them?
installing your own bootloader is theoretically possible but good luck getting it to load ios and you would need a persistent bootrom exploit for it to load every boot
we all know jailbreaking can have consequences, for instance if i tinkered with my iphone 4 i could put ios 10 on it
jailbreak is expected on ios 15.4.1? it seems to have been written that it will not be released on ios 15.5
i currently have a iphone 13 15.0, if i want to factory reset it will it force me to update to the latest ios version? i want to stay on this version for jb
nah its my old phone i had till christmas just gone and its on 15.1 and i wanna reset it but keep the software version for it so i can jailbreak it
can anyone help me with something.  i jailbroke my iphone a few months ago with uncover but i dont think it resigned the jailbreak.  i want to update my iphone to latest version but im thinking the jailbreak is still blocking it from updating
alright, to insure i run into no issues, how would i completely delete every single jailbreak file. i think ive had enough of jailbreak and am just going to update to ios 16 beta
when trying to update my ipad 6 to a newer ios that still has jailbreak, i wasn't paying attention (serves me right for trying to do this at work, even though it was on break) and didn't change the firmware from the default 15.5.... i've been doing research ever since to uncover any way i can get back to my old ios and reinstate the jb. i saw that since my ipad has the a10 chip that there is a blackbird exploit that can potentially allow code to be executed during secureboot. wasn't sure if this could help me downgrade my ipad 6 15.5 to anything 14.x
especially if pacman turns out to be exploitable on ios devices. that could possibly singlehandedly save ios jailbreak on a12+
hey guys, quick question. it's been a while since i used my old iphone 6s that's on ios 12. i don't remember what i did to jailbreak it, but rn it's impossible for me to update this thing to a newer version of ios, which i need to do
the thing i asked is that why there is no tethered downgrade that can downgrade iphone 6s and newer to ios 13 and older using blackbird exploit?
anyway to reset old iphone and install a newer ios but not the most recent? so i can restore it to ios 14 and jailbreak it?
can you jailbreak on ios 15.5 my brother just restored my phone but he didnt tell me it would update the ios
not related to jailbreak but do i am currently doing a battery replacement on an ipad 6th gen. do i need to keep the battery disconnected while i work and if so how?
i kind of wonder if alloc8 could be ported to ipod touch 3 (i mean from what i've read iphone 3gs bootrom and ipod touch 3 bootrom are very similar) but i don't know much about hardware exploitation
holy shit after resetting my iphone and re-jailbreaking it has much longer battery life i think i had too many tweaks
i'm a jailbreak genius, sure. ask me how to jailbreak your iphone 2g on iphoneos 1, and i'll guide you through doing it without a pc for free!
so, if i can just run checkra1n on it and plug an iphone in to the micro-usb port, it'd be so convenient.
so i have 3 iphones right one x and 2 xs i have jailbreak one xs but my second one has ios 15.4 1 is there no way of jailbreaking that one aswell other then wait?
don't think taurine is gonna be updating for 14.4 - 14.8.1 any time soon since thats gonna be worked on after ios 15, you can use u0 now but restore rootfs later if you wanna switch jailbreaks
yoooo wtf guys, i was on version 15.5 a14 12 pro max, however i got parts replaced on my phone because it was broken. because of this i somehow got downgraded to 14.4 so i can jailbreak lmao
i'm new to jailbreaking and have no idea what i'm doing; i have an iphone x with ios 15.5; if anyone could assist me, that would be fantastic.
it have been easier for coolstar to develop ios 15 despite still being very difficult due to their jailbreak components such as libhooker already being working on ios 15. however, there is a good chance that apple broke substrate and substitude and many other components of cydia in ios 15.
can i futurerestore my xr from 14.3 to 15.1 if i have blobs? ideally i would do that when the ios 15 jb releases
hello everyone. i just got my first iphone, and i was wondering how i could jailbreak it. it is an iphone 11.
if i am jailbroken on 14.8 and i have blobs saved for every ios 15 version can i stay on 14.8 until a jb is released for ios15?
i'm sure this has been asked before, but any working jailbreak for 15.1? not sure how my phone updated...
i bet you tomorrow coolstar tweets something like, "i'm cancelling taurine15 and deleting twitter. fuck y'all."
yeah well if you wanna buy one that can be jailbreaked, just find a phone you like online from a reseller or smt and ask the ios version thats it
6 months ago i wantedd to jailbreaka but i was too stupid, i think i would have had been able to downgrade to iphone 14.8.1 as it might have still been signed
i was waiting on my se 2016 for a 12.1.2 jb, it broke, got a 7 on 12.1, jailbroke and u0 b32 fucked it but i could just restore to 12.1.1b3
i hope you can enable the multitasking thing in ipados 16 on older ipads with a future jailbreak like you could ios 11 multitasking on older ipads
as i said, i have jailbroken multiple ipads multiple times using checkra1n and ran odysseyra1n for them, didnt brick anything
oh right. that announcement ping was about an update to it that added support for older ios versions that actually can be jailbreaked.
worth the new release of taurine is there a way to get my iphone xr off of ios 14.3 to something ios 15 for a jailbreak?
also i like how weve had ios 15 jailbreaks since the start of it yet its data security people who find it and wont give us the damn jb!
i reset my iphone not knowing that it was sim locked. can someone help me unlock it ? i am ready to jailbreak it if i have to.
if you're gonna buy an iphone specifically to jb + as daily driver then at least buy old stock (or used) of some newer model that you can afford
my iphone 8 is on 14.6 right now and i was wondering if i can upgrade to the closest jailbreakable firmware?
just fyi depending on the amount of code you use from other jailbreaks it may not give you advanced dev, when i submitted my application they asked how much i took from other jailbreaks (although of course this was for classic ios so it likely differs from modern ios). if you release it and it actually works though i'm assuming you'd get it
sup lads, i havnt been in the jailbreak scene since the ios 12 jailbreaks, and i figured i'd get back into it now. i have an ipad with ios 14.4.2, is there a good stable way to jailbreak the version now?
hey apparently future restore works with se3 and can bring me back to normal 15.4 if anything goes wrong. this is a response to when we were discussing waiting a bit when a jailbreak releases
i mean the time between an ios 15.1.1 jailbreak and ios 15.3 jailbreak could be less than the ios 15.1.1 jailbreak is taking?
lol i downloaded so may profiles of unc0ver thinking it was true on my iphone 7, i completed so many like game that i had to download and stuff lol
i'm new to the ios jailbreaking stuff, or not that new but i've stopped with cydia on iphone 4 so i can say i'm new lol. is there any way to jailbreak iphone 13 pro max on ios 15.5 ? thank you very much in advance guys
i didn't use any jailbreaks, will, i tried using checkra1n but it didn't work because my ios version is 15.5, so now i need to downgrade the ios version
theoretically could you replace a system app to run the jailbreak, after using the ct bug? would that mean untether for ios 14.8
i'm on 14.8, and i'm looking to unjailbreak  unc0ver restore rootfs. how can i go about removing residual files that could be left behind? or is the only method is to reset the phone?
unjailbroken iphone se 2020 model on ios 15.5 any option to downgrade ios or opinions on ios 15 jailbreak
but, it's been confirmed that there is actually a 15.0 jb in the works, whereas i'm not sure if anyone's actually trying to jb for 15.4.1.
stuck on ios 14.3 uncover semitethered. & phone reprung. been stuck like this for months now... any pointers?
is is possible to permanently brick your iphone when jailbreaking ? or is it always possible to restore it (even if that means no jb)
guys i want to update to dev beta of ios 16 from ios 14, how i make sure i get all my data over without the jailbreak files
well it's entirely up to you. if you do something really stupid, yeah, it'll break the device. but as long as you use it correctly, everything will be fine. also, remember that you cannot jailbreak ios 15.5, and you cannot downgrade a xr to ios 14
i have a iphone 5s with ios 12.5.5. is jailbreak chimera any good (shows on ios.cfw.guide) or should i use another jailbreak?
just a rough estimate, how long do you think i'll have to wait for a ios 8.4.1 jailbreak working for 64 bit devices?
on ios, jailbreak means "bypass security restrictions, allow running any code, and get tweak injection working"
semi-untethered jailbreaks such as unc0ver have a low successrate on ios 12, you can keep trying over and over until it works
i was always wondering, on jailbreak is there any mod that can make phone work smoother and battery last more? i have an iphone8 with ios 15.4.1 and it works like crap.
i here have a iphone se on 14.0.1 which has corrupted official ios installed on it. now itunes prompts me it needs to install the newest ios version which i dont want because i want to jb it. can someone help me with this?
hi everyone, i have a problem, i just installed odyssey on my iphone se and when i click jailbreak, the phone crashes, can anyone help?
hi everyone, i have a problem, i just installed odyssey on my iphone se and when i click jailbreak, the phone crashes, can anyone help?
hello, im trying to downgrade a ipad pro 2 so i can jailbreak it, but im getting "failed to find matching buildidentity" error, any tips?
i started jailbreaking on my old iphone which couldnt update. but my new iphone was on a version without jailbreak and had auto update on. i was new and im still new since i havent jailbroken since my 6s which is now gone.
ios 15 jailbreak still not released and its been one year. if ios 16 jailbreak takes much time to release, jailbreaking will be dead
i'm in a prediciment rn that either i just upgrade my ios to fix the error to 15.5 or just sit on 14.4.2 until i can figure out the issue with unc0ver. i think the kernel is corrupted but what do i know. rootfs works and i am able to use fugu but unc0ver just says unsupported. i've jailbroken before and used irecovery to get out of recovery mode because i wasn't able to use  restore rootfs before. i've tried erasing the phone but that probably doesn't "erase it"
hello, is there a way to downgrade my ipad 8thgen(a12) from 14.6 to a lower version that supports jailbreak
guys i have latest official ios. i understand that currently now why to jailbreak, but is there any other possibilities to do youtube on carplay without jailbreak?
lol, i promise you that ios 15 cannot currently be jailbroken.......unless you're a god tier developer with more knowledge and dedication than us big-name jailbreak developers
ive asked this a few months ago but now is probably better. in jailbreaking terms is it better to get an iphone 12 or 13? taking the future possible jailbreaks into consideration and ios version they may come on
got myself an ipad mini 5 with ios 14.8.1, should i wait for jb or move on to ios 15 or ios 16? because i haven't noticed any info about jb for ipados 14.8
hello, i have an ipad 7 with ios 15.5, does anyone know how can i jailbreak it? if not what can i do?
well, it's gonna be quite hard yes, although 15.0-15.1 has a chance for even up to iphone 13 (maybe up to 15.4.1 if we get lucky and fugu15 gets released, but expect a minimum of 3 months for that + however many months jb devs need to implement it properly after that)
that's probably gonna be on latest yeah, might be better to buy in a physical store where you can scan serials (this doesn't work starting from iphone 13 btw, but that doesn't have a jb yet anyway)
could someone pm me if it is possible to downgrade from 14.5 to an unsigned ios without blob so i can jb it phone 11 a2221 thx
i've got a choice between the following ios versions on an ipad mini 5th edition, 13.3.1, 13.5.1, 14.3, 14.4.2 since these all seem to have different jailbreak options is there a best one to go for? someone else mentioned 14.3 but figured i'd check before buying. thanks.
i want to jailbreak my old iphone 5c but when i tried to turn it on, the apple logo appeared for around 5 minutes with black flashes a couple of times and now it is just on a black screen. can anyone help?
hey guys, i rebooted my iphone 11 running unc0ver on 14.7 and i am unable to turn on airplane mode. mobile data not working neither does hotspot. any ideas how to fix it? i already factory reseted my phone and restored from back up. problem still persist
touch id has suddenly stopped working on my iphone se 2020 14.8 with unc0ver. i haven't added any tweaks or updated anything. i can't even enable it in apps
you have to jailbreak your device. and there's no jailbreak for any version of ios 15 if you're wondering
i've been out of the game for awhile, is there a jailbreak tweak for ipados that has full remote to pc access like parsec?
sad that you can simply install reprovision reborn, set the auto-resign to daily for the taurine app, and youd pretty much have the end-user equivalent of what unc0ver uses fugu14 to do
if you know how to create a kernelcache and know how to modify taurine's source code to utilize it and initialize from fugu14 yes
hi guys do you know when unc0ver will release a version compatible with ios 15.5 or how to downgrade my ios version?
if i can't upgrade to 14.8 & retain unc0ver, is there any tweak to bypass ios 14 requirements on apps? have already tried downgrading to older versions of the app
hi, i may get an iphone 14 pro if it gets usb-c. i have been out of the loop for quite a while, can someone tell me how the jailbreak scene is going? is it worth it to get an iphone just to wait for a jailbreak? especially for theming
hello im tryna jailbreak my iphone xr but its on ios 15.2. is there a way i can downgrade to 14.1 or 14.3? i dont have shsh blobs for them.
not really hopeful of it working higher than 15.1 since it's just gonna be used to debug taurine15 anyway
can anyone help me with jailbreak ios 14.4.2 i am trying through checkra.in and downloading it for macos but it says disk you attahed was not readable
so i have an ios with a version that can be jailbreaked, but he is old and bad, any ways for me to transfer it without updating it on a better ios?
do you guys think it would be a wise decision to keep my iphone 8 instead of trading it in for a better phone so that i can jailbreak on it
i did a jailbreak on my ipad air with checkra1n, but every app i install keeps just showing the loading screen(where you just see the app logo) but then it directly goes back to the home screen. it is running ios 12.3.1 and i used checkra1n 12.1. how could i fix this?
but  im still deciding whether or not to wait for the jailbreak or get the s22 lol but only cause android can do way more things than the iphone but a jailbroken iphone is so bad ass
hi, is there a way to shuffle iphone ringtones via jailbreak? so everytime i get a call, a random ringtone from a selected list plays instead of just the one.
okay so if i'm on 13.7ios jb can i save blobs of 15.5 and use that to update later on when a jb comes out for 15.5 or i need to be on 15.5 to save the blobs ?
hi i wanna jailbreak my ipad running ipados 15, could somebody guide me through it or link a helpful video?
it'd be funny if in 16 apple was like "we went too hard on the jbers, you can have your oh so fucking precious rootfs..."
my iphone 12 pro max , 14.3 , jailbroken with unc0ver , is there a way to save blobs( tweaks or so )  without computer ?
only way to downgrade without knowing what blobs are and somehow having them is when 14 was signed and u were jailbroke then using a procursus jailbreak
circling back on this issue, anyone have some advice to restore an ipad that fails restore (no jailbreak) in dfu and normal restore?
hi guys,(i from ukrain and my english not good ) who can help me free bypassed iphone 7plus on ios 15.2 or jailbreak
ive been on 14.3 jailbreak since release and just curious. is it possible to upgrade my ios to 14.8? is it worth doing if possible?
once there's a jailbreak yes, but your blobs will be useless anyway because ios 15.4 (and 16.0) break sep compatibility
it's been for fucking ever since we've gotten any updates on a jb being worked on for 15 let alone 14.6 - 14.8
im on 14.3 jailbreak. is there a more recent jailbreak version that i can do? or is 14.3 still the highest i can do?
hey im new to jailbreaking, the previous version i was on was unc0ver for ios 13.5, would anyone know if there is a more recent version or user friendly way i can jailbreak for newer versions?
so i broke my iphone 12 pro max running ios 14.6 and the only way i can get it repaired is via apple (cause warranty is free repair as opposed to several hundred dollars somewhere else). their policy requires them to force update me to latest ios.. so.. is there a way i can save blobs without a jb? never saved blobs before
would anyone be willing to help me jailbreak an ipad while i screenshare? cuz i have no fuckin idea what im doin
can someone point me in the direction of a beginners guide to jailbreak an ipad pro 4th gen with 14.0.1
hey guys, is sideloadly broken atm? i get `login failed (-36607): unable to sign you in to your apple id. try again later.` been trying for a couple of days from macos 12.4 trying to sideload etasonjb on my iphone 5. any alternatives?
ok i want to downgrade from ios 15.5 to 14 which i know is basically impossible, would there be any way to downgrade with a jailbreak?
this is the worst jailbreaking community. i remember back in the day with ps3 jailbreak and rgh buying mod menus. theirs just not anything exciting for iphone jailbreak users
is there a jailbreak ios 14 tweak to have that safari open grid style and that custom safari wallpaper in ios 15?
i do not know the exact latest ios version supported by jailbreak tools, but, anything 15.0 or later should immediately be ignored, as, you cannot jailbreak ios 15.0 or later.
i have second hand iphone 12 but its impossible for me to jailbreak it in latest version but there may be old unsold out of box devices for iphone 11 and pro or promax.
i don't know how i can jailbreak and find new phone iphone 11 and pro and promax closed box and understand.
managed to get my hands on an iphone 11 pro on 14.0.1! about to jailbreak it soon, will it format my phone completely? can't remember if it does or not
just stay on that version. it's more likely to get a jailbreak than any other ios 15 versions that you can currently update to
i just dug out my old iphone 6s, it currently has 10.3.2 on it. is there any way to jb it, then upgrade to an ios past 13 and jb again?
i ask you, i have a very short question, i cannot jailbreak because my iphone 12 device and version is 15.5. now i'm going to buy iphone 11. which model number box can we check?
i have but im just tired of it and i want to be excited about jailbreak and im not so ill just update and then wait for ios 15 to get a jailbreak
now i wonder what model number i get for the iphone 11 pro max, i can come up with ios 13, do ios 14 and use jailbreak.
hi i'm going to sell my iphone12 device and get an iphone 11. but it was outdated, but you had a list to find by following the incoming codes on the back of the device box. can you support me with that? in order to be able to jailbreak the low version iphone 11.
hi i'm going to sell my iphone12 device and get an iphone 11. but it was outdated, but you had a list to find by following the incoming codes on the back of the device box. can you support me with that? in order to be able to jailbreak the low version iphone 11.
does anyone have a link to the collage someone made that shows what each ios looks like for hunting down jailbreakable ones?
if i have blobs saved for 15.x for my iphone 13 pro max, so if i do update to ios 16 when it comes out, i should be able to futurerestore it back to 15 if a jb comes out later, right? i've checked sep and baseband compatibilities and it looks like it stays compatible 1-2 generations for the previous ios versions. any ideas?
hello guys i have a question how can i customize my control center on iphone for example to like this (but without jailbreak)
is it possible to bypass the "this app is not supported on this ipad" notification with a jailbreak?
it honestly depends how badly you want a jailbreak versus how badly you want ios 15. 15.5 is gonna be a longggggg wait for a jailbreak, but also, i really like ios 15. imo 15 is wayyyyy better than 14. personally, i'd update to 15.5, but thats just my personal choice
well according to your first rule of jailbreaking you never update your device. so if a 15.4 jailbreak released for a12 devices i guess you wouldnt update
meh, maybe it wears off a little. but i've seen plenty of people who "can't live without a jb" or "wouldn't use an iphone without a jb"
won't it be easy again for jb devs to make a jb for ios 16 when an ios 15 jb drops just like it never took that long for jb's to release in the past since we already know how to circumvent apple's changes?
what best jailbreak for it? i saw someone said unc0ver but not sure if they were talking about mine. anyone know? (iphone xr ios 12.3.1 for context)
i have an iphone 8 on ios 11, should i update it or is there a way to jb it and get it updated to a higher ios?
no reason. i was board with 14.3 that's why. it was like 1+ year that was stuck there with no jailbreak from anyone. so i decided to use 14.8. i was on taurine. but i have to use now unc0ver which i don't like but whatever.
you should always save blobs, but you need to know your apnonce before you can save blobs. getting your apnonce requires, 1) either a jailbreak, or 2) freezing it on stock ios
i know how to jailbreak my ipad 7th gen ios 14.8 with checkrain but its annoying i need to use a usb sticks with windows is there like another way?
would anyone know what would cause (iphone 8 plus ios 14) my screen to not respond to touch after i go into jailbreak mode? it works fine on non jailbreak mode but i replaced my screen on it and havnt been able to get the jailbreak side to act right
the odysseyra1n shortcut is buggy and doesn't work on ios 12, so how do i install a stable jailbreak using chromeos on 14.8.1?
also, random question. i have an iphone 13 (which as far as im aware, i never jailbroke because there never has been a jailbreak for it) yet some apps are triggering an anti-jb message.
hello, i'm new with jailbreaking and i'm trying to jailbreak an iphone 5c with ios 10.3.3. i've seen a method using cydia impactor, but when i open cydia, all the options appear in blanks. is there any other methods to jailbreak ios 10.3.3?
come on you can't say apple is doing nothing, ios 15 jailbreak is not dropping for a reason, not just because the developers are busy but simply because the new security features are exceptionally hard to outgo
so have an iphone 12 on 14.8 which doesn't have jailbreak right. and i can't get to 15 or 15.1 for upcoming jb. what do you guys think stay on 14.8 or upgrade to initial 16 and wait if even possible?
i have a iphone 13 on 15.0 and i wanna update to 16.0 when it launches can i save blobs incase i wanna jailbreak?
well what a fun ping to get finally a ios 9 jailbreak for all the versions. well i mean i dont have any non jailbroken ios 9 sticking around so ye not applicable to me.
i literally got an iphone 8+ just to fuckin jailbreak and then i get told i can't because of this magical roof, what the fuck
guys i need to know i want to download the ios 16 beta and i am at 15.0 i need to know it there any jailbreak for ios 15 ?
ios 8.x support may come soon(ish), it seems like other ios 8.0-8.4 jailbreaks don't work anymore or are pretty unstable, and if i'm going to add 8.0-8.4 support might as well add 8.4.1 anyways
honestly idk anymore, still holding out for the ios 15 jailbreak though taurine is supposedly developing it still
well you never will lol but ik its an example its just better to be on the lowest possible ios version for a more stable jailbreak
well if the version you are on has a jailbreak you can then use fr to downgrade to a lower version of that ios version for a more "stable" jailbreak
they said they probably can't even unlock a 15.2+ does that mean the only jailbreak from now on after release will be 15.1?
hey this is probs a really dumb question but i have not jail broken since iphone 6s is it possible to jailbreak using only phone no pc like i did wayyyy back
i cannot update my phone to ios 16 due to not having auto updates off in uncover when i rootfsed i cannot update off my phone tf do i do
is it possible to jailbreak a macbook, then develop tweaks for both ios and macbook that resembles some kind of ecosystem
the thing that pisses me off the most is that i *can* downgrade to ios 14.8, but my only option is checkra1n
anyone one here have iphone2020se unc0ver, 14.6 -14.8 jb phone? i need to know if its stable please, i don't want to lose my 13.7 jb for ever ^__^
lol you are right.. i have 14.6 the oldest *, so i can potentially try 14.6 if 14.8 doesn't work right? i'm just wondering if its stable. i'm really addicted to my jailbreak, i think i would be very upset if i lost my jb .
if i go from 13.7 to 14.8 and the jailbreak unc0ver fails can i always go to 14.3 and try taurine from there?  sidenote: yes i have all my blobs.
please tell me if im missing any steps:  in order to update from my  13.7 se2020 oddysey jailbreak to 14.8 i can use futurerestore ( are there any alternatives like oddysey?). before i update, i need to back up my phone through itunes , and then back up my jailbroken apps through x method. once everything is backed up , i use itunes to update the  14.8 ispw and the restore. at this point my phone will not be jailbroken so then i will use future  restore some how to ~~update~~ jailbreak it. before i start any tips?
these 2 years i didn't know that i was saving my blobs, i felt like i was going to have to wait years to jailbreak and update. do you know if its worth updating 13.7 iphone se 2020 which is jailbroken in order to cover any bugs to posssible 14.3 or higher.
note that if you restore to any version of 15, you won't be able to use any of those blobs again until there's a jailbreak
hi, sorry if i am interrupting any conversation, i am completely new to jailbreaking and i don't know what i am doing. i use an iphone 13 with ios 15.5, is it possible to jailbreak that?
if an ios 15 jb releases i may update to 15 cause i have blobs (i can update with blobs cause im jailbroken right?)
well i'm not planning to do much with a jailbroken iphone either but just feels good to know that you can do whatever you want with your phone and that's why i'm still waiting for a jb... even though ios 16 has added more features that were really looked for when jbing
to be honest based on absolutely nothing but my proper perception and thoughts i think we could see an ios 15 jailbreak near eventually july
i wonder if 15.4.1 is going to be jailbreakable in the near future. have any vulnerabilities been found?
awww heck idk if i want to update my iphone 8 to 16 or if i want to keep it where it is and get jailbreak
there isnt any jailbreak for ios 15 at the moment. dont update to newest cuz jailbreak for your version might be in soon the one jailbreak for ur version or higher
considering the amount of serious developers in the community and the work and time being taken for these devs to release a jailbreak, i feel that 15.0-15.1.1 could potentially be the last jailbreak.
ok, thank for your help. when i want to buy an ipad that is possible to jailbreak. which ipads can i buy. or is it all ipad sand it depends on firmware version?
reminder: wwdc is today and ios 16 beta is releasing soon without any indicator of an ios 15 jailbreak
guys if i have a iphone 7 on ios 14.4 if i get an iphone 11 on ios 14.8 can i transfer my data and then jailbreak?
hey guys i have an old iphone 8 it's in very good condition,i wanted to try and jailbreak it can someone guide me on what to do and how to do it?
i can jailbreak my iphone cuz it's on 14.8 but i don't see a reason why i should. all my other idevices are jailbroken tho
my iphone se (2016) is a stuck in a bootloop and has checkra1n jb on 13.3.1, how do i get out of it? its been jb for awhile now and i was just charging it while i was out and working fine then i got home and now in a bootloop
should i downgrade my iphone 11 to ios 14 so i can jailbreak it? or should i wait and see if a jailbreak will come out for ios 15.2?
i had a tweak ios 13 jailbreak-tweak that would be able to , select previous word, select all, copy paste, search in dictionary.  does any body know what that tweak might be called? it was a free app, i totally forgot the name.
well now i can use the amex app thankfully they started requiring 14.5 for some reason so i decided to give up fugu14 in exchange for keeping maximum app compatibility on 14.8
i saw filza escaped is released for ios 15. says u can install tweaks. what the difference between installing tweaks using that and through jailbreaking?
save blobs, stay on the version you are on. theres no current jailbreak for anything 15.0+ but possibly will be in the near future for 15.0 - 15.1.1
hey, so i've got an iphone 12 that i cannot jailbreak because it's on 15.5, but i would love to use tweaks like altdeamon in altstore, is there any way that i would be able to inject the tweak into the ipa file and then sign it?
ok, i was asking this question because i always was told to save blobs as soon as i could but in the same time there's never been a jailbreak released only for beta ios versions and those are usually buggy so i thought it could be not worth it
yeah but some of these jits be like "fuck this this shit im updating" and then like 1 day later there like "ugh i want this jb to come out" on like 15.5
i have an iphone 12 pro max and i wonder how if i can jailbreak it? its 14.8 but still says unsupported
hey i just have a question, i just bought a new iphone 11, and it asks me to upload ios to 15.5 or smth like that, is there a way to not update it? so i can jailbreak it later
because the jailbreak has to release for current version of ios and still signed from apple and then you can save shsh blobs
completely stupid question, but if checkm8 is a hardware based exploit, the why would a software update break it? does apple add security patches inside of ios updates to detect it and intentionally stop it from working, or is there something i'm missing?
im new to jail breaking. im about to attempt to jailbreak my locked ipad. could anyone assist me if possible?
bro all im saying is i dont mind waiting a while just wanna know is 15.5 will get a jb so i can un jb my 13.7 and update now
i have decided to upgrade from 14.4 to 14.8 ( instead of 14.5.1 ) which will cost me fugu14 in order to maintain maximum app compatibility as developers slowly start to stop support for ios 14. are there any costs of upgrading from 14.4 to 14.8 aside from having to resign uncover every 7 days again with reprovision?
if this ios 15.1.1 will be the last jailbreak, i can always just buy a jailbroken iphone 13 when it comes out
where can i buy an iphone with an ios that available for jailbreak in the us? like i bought 2 from ebay and 1 from amazon, and they are all ios 14.8 or higher
long story short, woke up one day and my old iphone, x on 12.4 jb with chimera and it has very hot, boot looping. it does not boot anymore, apple appears, a quick flash of a green line and reboots again. if plugged to the pc, after 3 tries enters in recovery. pc detects it, both in dfu and recovery, however, it does not know the capacity. lost for options tried to restore it, gets stuck after sending the ram disk.
if i had a 15.0.0 device and save blobs with the current nonce. and say a jb is available for a later version i did save a blob for. i can jb then change the nonce then future restore?
question - this is the longest that an ios version (with the latest iphone release) has gone without a jb.  are any of you concerned?
my brothers iphone 7 is activation locked for no reason and i'm trying to unlock it. any way to do it through jailbreak?
had to restore rootfs and reinstall uncover i used a signing service this time ans its saying unsupported iphone xr ios 14.4.2 any reasons why this is now unsupported?
yeah, cydia probably is a binding dependency of the jailbreak, so hide it in a folder or, if your ios version can, use the hide from home screen function
so basically, my thing is wait 2 years until these tethered downgrades actually work but then a 15.0.2 jb would probably be out by then honestly cause nobody gives a fuck about tethered downgrades then i could just use my ipad
guys should i update or stay on 15.3.1 because it has been ages since there has been any news ab a jailbreak
me in 2040 on ios 15.1.1 with my iphone 13 pro on its 8th battery replacement bc another jailbreak was never released after
anyone knows a way to jailbreak with the 15.0.1 software update my phone company messed with the phone
can someone help me, i've got an iphone 3g on ios 4.2.1, it is simlocked, i need to jailbreak to bypass this, but i cannot enter dfu mode because the power button does not work, and in order to do the dfu ipsw i need to restore it with itunes which it wont let me because it is simlocked
i havew an ipad air 3 it was jailbreak with checkrain but the jailbreak is dead because the device was going off and the mac book was from my ex girlfriend so now i only have a windwos pc and dont know how to recover the jailbreak
iphone se (2nd, 12.8), im stuck in safemode usign taurine, when i respring i get stuck at a black screen so figured id try to either update to 14.6 and use unc0ver or just any other option that could possibly solve the issue
can someone please tell me if iphone xs on 14.7.1 can be jailbroken....  the canijailbreak command says no but the ios.cfw.guide website says anything between 14.6-14.8 can be.... am i reading it wrong
hi i was wondering if its possible and if so if there is a guide to downgrade my iphone 7 plus from 15.5 to 14.5.1 in order to jailbreak once i have it in that ios version i know how to jailbreak it
any chance for jailbreak ios 15.3.1 in iphone 6s with icloud activation bypass? or it will be never happens?
ok idk what to do i have an iphone 6s thats currently unjailbroken on ios 11 that still has lots of jailbreak remnants on it (especially in the other part of my storage) i dont wanna upgrade to ios 15 since it can slow down a 6s and i barely have any storage space(its a 16gb phone) if i could update to ios 12 or 13 that would be helpful but idk if i can, im stuck and not sure what to do and its been like this for over a week
ok idk what to do i have an iphone 6s thats currently unjailbroken on ios 11 that still has lots of jailbreak remnants on it (especially in the other part of my storage) i dont wanna upgrade to ios 15 since it can slow down a 6s and i barely have any storage space(its a 16gb phone) if i could update to ios 12 or 13 that would be helpful but idk if i can, im stuck and not sure what to do and its been like this for over a week
ok idk what to do i have an iphone 6s thats currently unjailbroken on ios 11 that still has lots of jailbreak remnants on it (especially in the other part of my storage) i dont wanna upgrade to ios 15 since it can slow down a 6s and i barely have any storage space(its a 16gb phone) if i could update to ios 12 or 13 that would be helpful but idk if i can, im stuck and not sure what to do and its been like this for over a week
so my iphone 7 is in state of having no signal, how can i downgrade it to use checkrain with supported ios version?
heya, having a lil bit of an issue, running an iphone 7 on ios 14.2. checkrain works, but does not install any tweaks that are needed, like debian packages and all that. uncover gets stuck at obtaining entitlements, and taurine crashes when i press jailbreak. any ideas?
hello guys i download app in my jailbroken iphone and it crashing i think because "jailbreak detection" i try same app also same version in non-jailbrekon device it working !! do you know what kind of this protection or any one have idea ??
can i atleast use my iphone xs max ios 14.5 for jailbreaking? and i have a backup restore, if anything goes bad such as white screen, bootloop will the backup save me or useless?
about downgrade, can i downgrade an iphone 7 plus? its on ios 14.7.1, the reason for downgrading is, the iphone on white screen all the time, nothing seems to work so i am thinking that i restore the iphone with itunes and then downgrade it to ios 14 or below, is it possible or be sad until checkra1n releases for ios 15?
ive got an ipad air gen 4 that i use daily but i was thinking maybe i could make advantage of jailbreaking this old ipad to get some functionality that i dont have on the air 4 , is that possible or is it not worth it ?
my phone (first gen se) is on ios 15.5. can i jailbreak it or do i need to downgrade to ios 14.3(or is there any other way?)
but yeah i love jailbreaking for cool features like themes and stuff, but i guess its alr if i can't do it, just prob gotta wait for 15.4 unless the phone i get is refurbished from a long time and somehow is still on 14
i wanna jailbreak ios 10.3.3 but i'm unsure how to do so. i don't have a mac and thus no developer certificate. installing apps require signing them tho? how can i install h3lix without signing it?
dum dum question, how do we find these things most easily on a jailbroken and non jailbroken device(s)? i think i got an iphone 7, but my broski has an iphone 11 and my dad has iphone 12 mini and so they aren't into jailbreaking but who knows, they might thank me for saving their blobs in future
how do i downgrade ios 14.4.2 to ios 13.4? iphone 9,3 (iphone 7) jailbroken via checkra1n and shsh blobs saved and ipsw downloaded
you can't go to 14 without blobs. but it would mean not having any sep functions if you jailbreak with checkra1n
hey im on ios 13.6 and i was wodnering if i could jsut upgrade to ios 14 flat not newest ios im on iphone x btw checkrain
ive got an iphone 7 on 14.5 how can i jailbreak? ive got windows 10 os but also have a boot usb for checkra1n
hello guys, im new in jailbreaking and want to try it out, i have iphone 7+ with ios 14.8 installed but sadly unc0ver doesnt support it, im trying to downgrade it to 14.2 vua futurerestore gui but i cannot get blob file of it, can someone help me out?
i try to install prysm after my phone crapes it self any way to fix it ty i have unc0ver ios version 14.7
anyone know up to what confirmed versions the next jailbreak will support? i just got a new phone on 15.3.1
is there any easier way to jailbreak my iphone x 14.6 instead of using checkra1n? i have windows so its kinda annoying
i'm not talking about any release of a jailbreak, just if any developer has been capable of running root level code on ios 15 yet and if there's any holdups
so has there been any success at all on jailbreaking ios 15+? i'm not trying to ask for an eta and i know developers work in their own time. just curious if there's a roadblock
can i jailbreak an ipod? one of the old ones (the mp3 thingy) (not the oldest)?? and what are the benefits?
hello, i'm new & i want to jailbreak my iphone 12 mini because i want to change my position (on snap or zenly), is it possible ?
this may be a commonly asked question but im new to jailbreaking and ive been struggling to find a way to jail break my iphone xs max ios 14.8.1 any tips? im open to downgrading the ios as well but havent found a viable way to do so
im trying to jailbreak my iphone 7 plus with checkra1n on mac os i get to the step where i need to enter dfu mode and i hold power button and volume button down for 4 seconds then whenever i release the power button and just hold the volume the phone automaticly reboots and shows the apple logo does anyone have a fix to this i am also using an apple usb c to lighting cable
ignore the chinese copypasta. any paid jailbreak is fake. checkra1n doesn't officially support ios 15 as of yet.
why does so many channels on youtube say that ios 15 jailbreak is comming but i still don't see anything like they find exploits and all but nothing goes out ?
i like how everyone told me on reddit not to jailbreak on 14.8.1 becaues it brakes codes and face id btch they already broke thingi true depth or whatever already fked up
ok since i have taurine after many people have told me about uncover on the version 14.1 and so i downloaded waht do i do since i still have uncoverf
we users really can't provide an eta for it. it's all up to the devs and if they can find a way to get a jb on a certain ios version
well for one thing u0 is not a good jailbreak, secondly you can't update to anything lower than 15.4 even if you had blobs
guys im using iphone se 2020, ios 15.1, update or stay? i rly want jb do you know how long it will take more?
hey guys i really want an ipad but dont know which one i should get i want it to be second hand and wanna jb it any recommendations?
my problem is i have ios 15.1 on my iphone 7 and i want to downgrade it to 14.8 so i can use unc0ver
fck my life i had ios 14.8 and it showed update to 15,4,1 so i did my research on yt is it possible to jailbreak ios 15,4,1  and it showed so much tutorials saying yes and it was some indian sh*t when i tried 'please verify human dowland 2 apps', 'missing files'
i have uncover jb on my iphone x with 12.2.1 os. is there a better way to put a permanent jb and not have to jb everytime phone resets?  i need to keep the 12.2.1 os though
next build of openpwnage will base support off of kernel version rather that system version, so people that make the mistake of editing systemversion.plist can still jailbreak. also, openpwnage already supports some ios 9 betas, but i'm planning on adding support for some more in build 3
i stoped ios update.  is there any information about jailbreak will come to 15.5? i realy bored think to buy other devices?
so gaiss. basically i've been waiting so long about jailbreaking a12 on ios 15.2  . can we actually jailbreak ?
hey i have an iphone x on the newest ios (had to restore it). i have shsh blobs from the initial ios 15 release tho. is there any way for me to jailbreak it?
just got an ipod 2g mb and im struggling to jailbreak using redsn0w. i get to a waiting for reboot message on my pc and my ipod screen is just white. i'm using a windows 10 pc and running redsn0w 0.9.9b8 through the windows xp compatibility layer. anyone know what could be the issue?
i have 15.4.1 and 15.5 blobs, is it safe to update can i downgrade later with the blobs if there is no jailbreak for 15.5
yo folks i have a quick question, been waiting forever for an ios 15 jailbreak iphone xr. does anyone know if there is a release already?
i mean. the 15.1 exploit was introduced in 15.0 because apple overhauled everything. so its certainly possible
i had a backup of my tweaks on batchomatic for taurine ios 14.3, and now i'm on unc0ver ios 14.8. can i restore my backup?
is it possible to upgrade to a certain ios version with being jailbreak like rn my tablet is on 12.1.4 but i was wondering if there is a way to get it closer to ios 14 maybe ?
hi, i want to jailbreak my iphone 7 on ios 14.5.1, i have a windows computer, how can i jailbreak it?
i have an ipad 6th gen and its on 14.4.2 i tried uncover but it says unsupported are there any others
uhh i got a question, is there any way to downgrade my iphone to a unsigned version without any big hassle or jailbreaking
my phone is on ios 15.4.1, how can i jailbreak it? (this includes free methods to downgrade. worth noting i have a mac computer)
every time. in announcements i see pings, i get excited for a jb. false hope lmao. can we just assign ourselves if we want to know about ios.
is there any way to update from ios 14.3 to any newer version of ios that is still jailbreakable? also need to keep face id as a thing as well.
downgrade to 15.4.1, if we're lucky we'll get a nice exploit drop from linus henze again but nothing guaranteed yet
i have a checkra1n device on ios 14.7, can i update to 14.8 (unsigned) without having any blobs for that ios version?
its possible the update disable corrupted the ota update thing on your new phone, and you can't restore rootfs because there's no jailbreak for ios 15
however, as pointed out in the paper, an attacker would have to first hack and jailbreak the iphone (which is surely a challenging task) in order to gain access to the bluetooth chip and exploit it.
actually a7 is, cause it supports ios 7.0-12.5.5, and can use checkra1n, and on some, can even get ios 10.3.3
any rumors of an exploit for the current ios? it seems like the latest update patches something but not clear from the changelog if it's a big enough exploit to wait around on this version for.
makes sure ios doesnt update further, so that you can wait on your current ios until a jailbreak is released. this will probably be a long time tho
i tried to re-jailbreak my ipad mini ios 12.5.5 and it said there was a problem with the kernel, does anyone know how to fix this?
hi, is the coming ios 15 jailbreak contains all 15.x versions for a9's devices? can i upgrade 15.5 and wait? i an tired at waiting in 15.0
are there any announcements about teams having interest in ios 15 jailbreaks except for taurine15 being a thing that coolstar has expressed interest in as far as i have heard?
tbh if the webkit exploit for ios 15 can run arbitrary native code couldn't  you run a jb off it for 15 plus another exploit
question: can you downgrade to an unsigned ios update? i have a iphone 12 with 14.6 and wondering if i can go back to 14.5.1, or if i need to just stay on 14.6 and wait for the next a14 jailbreak
i hev a iphone x in 14.8.1 is there any other method then with checkra1n to jailbreak it because it never works or fails and i was hopping for it to work
i need help i want to jailbreak my iphone 11 and im on ios 15.4.1 and im not sure what the proces to go through it is could anyone help
i can not wait for the day ios 15 jb drops and to be in genius bar telling 50 people a day that they're phones are bootlooped because they touched root
painfully waiting for a taurine release for 14.8.1. hope nothing like that gets released that forces me to upgrade to 15.4.1
hey i have my old iphone 8 here on ios 15.1  is there any way to jailbreak it? like downgrading or smth like that
i can downgrade my version 15.4 to version 14.8 without losing data to be able to jailbreak my iphone
correct, iirc you need 14.8 in order to still be able to jailbreak. but 14.8.1 is close to where you can still update and use safari, and low enough for any future possible jailbreak
hi! after a long break from jaulbreaking i finally busted out my old phone to give it a go again. does anyone know about jailbreaking ios 14.4.2 on an a12 device? if its not possible what version should i update to and wait? after sideloading unc0ver it tells me unsupported, even though other sources say it should be able to?
hey guys i just jailbreaked my iphone 11 pro max on unc0ver how do i get sielo now? i only have cydia
versions above 15.2 (correct me if i'm wrong) have no active exploit that can be used to (reasonably) gain root, and no one has dealt with getting signed rootfs to work yet
everyone tell me come here, but... how can i get the unc0ver online, free, new cert have verifyed, for ios 12.5.5, for apple a8 gp
does snapchat detect jailbreak anymore? ios 13.5? i seen some posts on reddit saying it does but i haven't experienced it
ok so i am finding conflicting stuff online - it should be a possible extra step to unlock the newly jailbroken (through checkra1n with odysseyra1n) iphone 7, ios 12.4.1, right?
hello guys im trying to jailbreak my i phone xr but it is on ios 15.4 i need to downgrade how do i do that i read an article says that i can down grade but i will break face id which is fine i don't use it anyways
hello guys im trying to jailbreak my i phone xr but it is on ios 15.4 i need to downgrade how do i do that i read an article says that i can down grade but i will break face id which is fine i don't use it anyways
hi, i have a old ipad mini 2 that i was thinking about jail breaking, is there any jailbreak apps that like work with homekit to like put light switches on the home screen or anything like that
can someone help please im tryna jailbreak my iphone x ios 14.7 using windows and checkn1x on a bootable usb drive but when i disable a11 check it freezes
15.2+ on a12+ has so many mitigations that it likely will not receive a jailbreak for a very long time
the iphone 13 pro green ships w ios 15.3, is there a reason i should be wary of that ios version for jailbreak purposes coming up?
i would tell him to update to 14.8 but thats unc0ver but first gen se is vulnerable to checkra1n but idk how good checkra1n is
hello guys i got an iphone se a9 ios 15.4.1 i was wondering to downgrade it to ios 14 so i can jailbreak it. is it possible ?
is there a method to unlocking an iphone (6+) with a broken digitizer? i know you can mirror the display on another screen but usb restriction is on. can i turn that off without jailbreaking?
hey, i just wanted to double check here since i you guys are more knowledgeable on this, but currently it's impossible to jailbreak an iphone 13 pro right?
hey is it against tos to ask any iphone hardware non-jailbreak related queries here? just a simple 'has anyone ever seen said symptoms before' type of thing?? not a biggie if not.
unc0ver doesn't support any device on 14.8.1 at the moment and the most likely jb to support it in the future is taurine
hey, this may not be jailbreak related, but is there an easy way for me to transfer my data from android to ios? i've tried using the move to ios app on android to try and transfer all of my stuff but it never works, it always says "a transfer error has occurred" like nearly midway into the transfer process. however, some, but not all of the data actually gets transferred to the iphone. i have no idea why it always partially transfers but then it abruptly stops. does anyone know how to fix this issue? or are there any other alternatives to transferring data from android to ios? any help would be appreciated.
pangus ios 9.3.3 jb was the peak of all jbs, its was so beyond stable, it was literally impossible to crash it.
is there any update regarding taurine 14.4 jb? i donated when cool star asked for it because he needs the online simulator, or idk what it is called. but don't get the jb after that.
someone help me jailbreak on iphone 7 ios 13.3, ive jailbroken many times before and this time unc0ver (8.0.2) aint working, i got a laptop and sideloadly then it says its completed jailbreak but reboots i think twice? after jailbreaking, it reboots to apple logo, then turns black and then apple logo again. ive cleared cache and turned on airplane mode but still no success
hey so my ipod touch 5g is crashing when i load my jailbreak, i have uninstalled the jb and reinstalled it and nothing has changed. could anybody help me?
hi guys i'm planning on buying a new iphone in less than a month, what should i do if i want to be able to jailbreak it as fast (or, in that situation, as less late) as possible? if a ios 16 beta version launches, should i upgrade to it as it will have more vulnerabilities or should i try to keep my phone at the lowest version possible?
what sites have a signed version of uncover that i can download on my iphone 8plus on 12.0.1 without a computer
i haven't followed for a long time. is there any news about coolstar or the team about ios 15 jailbreak?
this could be the wrong channel for support but, does anyone here know a way to jailbreak a device that runs ios 9.3.5
a11 and below jailbreaks can always come since the security features implemented on ios 15.2+ only work on a12+
i updated my phone while my phone is jailbroken with checkra1n is there anyway i can reverse the update back to 14.8?
for example if you have blobs for 15.4.1 then you can update to 15.4.1 if a jailbreak releases for it and its unsigned
and last question of the day from my annoying ass. how can i open an app that doesnt allow me to due to jailbreak detection. and also how can i use apps that require ios 14+
hey is there anyway for me to get unc0ver to launch on ios 13 anymore? i dont wanna completely restore my phone
yeah true but imagine if apple keeps patching this stuff with newer versions and newer iphones, jailbreak could potentially come to an end
would you guys recommend an r-sim card to sim bypass an iphone or to wait if and when 15.x jailbreak is possible
what ios does the iphone 13 pro max ship with ~~and is there potentially a jailbreak coming out for it in the future~~ fine fine i wont ask about this part?
damnit man i got my phone on ios 14.8.1 and now i can't jailbreak it so i would have to downgrade but i don't know if the phone has ever been on that version
hi please answer is there already jailbreak for ios 15? if no tell like approximately when it will be?
i know this is an annoying question, but how much longer do you think it will be until there's a fully functional 15.3 jailbreak?
ok, so as long as i don't update, i should be good when and if there's a jb for 15.3 even though it's no longer signed and i couldn't get blobs for it
can someone help me with this i just got an apple watch today my iphone is on 15.1.1 is there anyway to get them to pair without updating my phone i want to be able to jailbreak
all u can do now is wait and follow the news, if the jailbreak devs said that a future ios version is jailbreakable update to it
no jailbreak avalible yet for ios 15, and ios 15.4 most likely wont ever have a jailbreak at least for now
this is brand new 12 mini i hope installed with ios 14.5 below. prepare if no jb anymore for my 13 pro max ios 15
trying to jailbreak my phone i have an iphone 8 plus with a os15.4.one can somebody please put me to a app that works i want to carbridge my phone
hey! just got a new 13 pro and it came in the box with 15.3.1. is there any hope for a jailbreak or should i just get the futurerestore files and update it
they literally made an update for all the phones that couldnt run ios 15 just to fuck over jailbreakers
it would but how are we gonna get devs to update stuff when like the dev of preferenceloader is like gone and how are we gonna get all jbs to use like procurus, the jb structure has never changed in ios history
technically u0 could've supported at a minimum a12(x or z) ipad's since they implemented the same exploit that would be used there with 8.0.0
everytime i see coolstar on twitter about anything else besides talking about ios jailbreak i usually see at least one arabic guy pissed off in the comments section
friends, please answer me. i am not asking about the jailbreak date, but is it possible to download the unc0ver jailbreak for the 14.5.1 update and on the a11 processor, or is this impossible (i repeat, i am only asking)
so i don't know what caused this, it hasn't been updated with any tweaks recently to cause it. the power button doesn't work so i can't turn off the device or shut off screen. i am on ios 14.2 iphone 5se jailbroken with taurine. i haven't updated taurine so i'm not sure if that's the issue, i haven't tried a rootfs but not sure if it would fix my off button anyway
i just realized that my pados is still in 14.5 which is very lucky because i could jailbreak my ipad
hi! i want to buy an iphone with ios jailbreakable. how can i determine if a new iphone support an ios jailbreakable? from its serial number?
is a jailbreak better than another? i wanted to install unc0ver but it wasnt supported for my iphone 7+ on ios 14.4 , so my only option is to go with checkra1n.
no, there is far to many files in the ios system (which change with every ios version) and jb files, there have been thoughts of it in the past but there is just beyond to many files
i have to downgrade my iphone from 15 to 14 before i jailbreak it. any gotchas i need to look out for?
if i want to jailbreak my iphone, and have an iphone x (ios 15.4.1) should i wait so i can use uncover or use checkra1n
and considering a12+ 15.2+ is probably going to need to rely on bootrom jailbreaks anyway im sure there will be a lot more effort put into making an exploit
can't really tell much from here but the fugu14 one has some differences and is a bit larger than sams (from unc0ver's bootstrap)
so dumb question, my wife has exact same phone but she has no interest in jb. can i save blobs from her phone to get an updated ios in the event it eventually is able to be jb? is that even possible?
hello everyone, just did a jailbreak following ios.cfw.guide for my iphone 5s with chimera. can i somehow reboot my device without exiting the jailbreak?
this whole thing still makes a little bit of sense but ideally i just want this stuff to be ez so i can have my ios with jb
hey guys, just reading over this installing unc0ver(fugu14) is says 14.5 betas are not supported. am i able to upgrade my device 14.5(beta) to 14.5.1? or is that not possible?
and i'm guessing since the taurine15 exploit is probably never going to be released for 14.7.1 i'm screwed
is there a way to jailbreak 12 pro i have my 6plus jailbroken but it does not have new enough ios for some of the jailbreaks i want and some of the apps i want to jailbreak
so is it now possible to jailbreak 15.0 with the existing exploits or do i have to wait for something that works with a12?
hey i want some confirmation from people who maybe have a bigger idea of jailbreaking than i do, i have an iphone 11 laying around on ios 15.1, will there sometime in the near future be a jailbreak for it?
ayoo, i heard a new exploit for ios 15 is discovered that could potentially jailbreak ios 14 too?! that true?
depends on what apps you will use, jailbreak possibilities. it's my main device right now. checkm8 vulnerable. you can buy one on ios 14 and jailbreak it right of the bat, or tether downgrade it, but it will require a computer every time you reboot
can someone help me set my apnonce with no jailbreak on my iphone 8 on ios 15.4.1 on a linux computer
i can't find the tag, where is the jailbreak table? (shows what ios versions and device pairs can be jailbroken)
i've been holding off on getting an iphone for years because i thought that sideloading was completely impossible, but now i've been looking up stuff and found jailbreaking (which i knew about, but havent looked into for apple, i have rooted 2 androids though), and found stuff about altstore. do you need to jailbreak your phone to be able to use altstore and apps like uyou+? what was keeping me from getting an iphone was money and vanced, but now that i see that `uyou`+ is an option, and i am looking into a refurbished iphone 12 pro max, but do you need to jailbreak for altstore?
if you are on 14.7 im pretty sure that you can use unc0ver wich is semi unthethered si after reboot you only reopen jailbreak app
mostly because my ipad isnt semitetherable and it dies so fast it isnt even worth jailbreaking anymore
i've had checkra1n running with cydia on io 14.7.1 for a while now, any reason to try and use odysseyra1n + sileo? or make more sense to leave as is to avoid fking anything up since for now its running smoothly
oh , okay so i don't need to download the update ? and how much long will take to jailbreak 15.4 xs max ?
my ipad is currently in ios 13.7, can i just jb it directly from the ipad itself without using a pc?
i could almost jailbreak my phone if i didn't update it, unfortunately i let it go from 14.8 to 14.8.1
i've been gone from the jailbreak community for quite a while, can someone get me caught up with ios 14 jailbreak options?
i been gone for like half a year, any new exploits or anything that would help or support a 15.2 jb?
i have no idea what you're referring to, the only kernel exploit that was "recently" released is 15.0-15.1.1
ok anybody knows how to downgrade to a jailbreakable ios so i can jailbreak my iphone 12 pro max.im on ios 14.7.1..or its not possible?????
hey guys, been a min since ive jailbroken my devices. is there a jailbreak right now for ipad 5 mini on ios 14.4?
restoring rootfs is the same amongst all jailbreaks so you could use any that supports your ios version
you know jb has all emojis from newer ios versions backported? they install 1 tweak and they can see them all.
i cannot tether downgrade from ios 15 due all checkm8 tether downgrading tools bonked so waiting for checkra1n on a10 ios 15.3.1
hey guys so i have a iphone xr uncover jailbreak and when i try to open sum apps phone freezew then resprings, any idea how to stop it?
hey guys, on ipad 11 and 12.9 2018 models, running 14.6-14.8, the uncover didnt work using altstore, showed me unsupported, is there any way to jailbreak these devices? i saw someone jailbreak them on ios13, but not on ios14, thanks
since 2 days, my youtube app keeps crashing when iphone is in jailbreak mode (uncover 14.5.1), anyone else with the same issue ?
i don't have a mac or anything, could i still jailbreak if one comes out for a13 devices on ios 14.8.1
yes, but i wouldn't suggest anyone go for fugu14+unc0ver if you have other options available since that implementation is quite buggy
is there a jailbreak for iphone 12 on 14.6? i keep finding there is for iphone 11 and lower but not 12
guys i want to jailbreak my ipad pro the version is 1.14.2 which app should i use to jailbreak my ipad pro?
no you can't do that even if you have blobs but stay there because 15.1 is set to have a jailbreak at any point in the future
can't wait for their reaction to the near impossible jailbreak possibility of ios 16 at the rate apple is going
im presently on ios 15.3 on my iphone 11 pro max, are there any other ios ipsw's being signed to downgrade to and jailbreak?
completely random question: due to the security changes in ios 15, doesn't that mean its theoretically impossible to have a tethered jailbreak from now on?
hi any jailbreak ios 5 users i ran into an issue, my ipad screen looks like this when i open apps  i installed a resolution fixer for iphone apps and enabled it to a certain app that didn't do full screen i also cannot click in apps
idk if this is the right place to ask, but is there a jailbreak that will work with an ipad mini 4 running ipados 14.7.1?
anyone would say me which is the best jb signer for 14.3 on a12z bionic? i'm tired of altserver certs expiration, even using shortcuts for scheduling automated cert renewals is failing again and again...
frcoal i have tried to get this iphone to jb and i am not getting any help so its not worth it to me
when ios 14.3 will be outdated can you update to an ios 15 version with jailbreak or you can only update to the latest ios version wich will not have jailbreak?
hey so basically my phone randomly died on me and wont turn on i tried holding power on + volume up and down for a while and it doesnt turn on. it was running latest version of uncover iphone 11 on ios 14.7.1 anyone know how to fix?
hey so basically my phone randomly died on me and wont turn on i tried holding power on + volume up and down for a while and it doesnt turn on. it was running latest version of uncover iphone 11 on ios 14.7.1 anyone know how to fix?
hey i understand there is an untethered ios 14.3 jailbreak for iphone 12, thinking about doing it. however i remember there being blocks on certain apps if you jailbreak, is this still a thing?
how come every time my ipad dies i have  to either restore it or factory reset it then re sideload unc0ver or chimera restore rootfs then re jailbreak
the point in saving blobs allows you to stay on lower jailbreakable ios versions while the higher versions that you are saving blobs for waits to get a jailbreak. for instance if i want to stay on 14.3 and enjoy taurine, i can save blobs for 15.1 when it was signed. now that a jailbreak for 15.1 is close to being here i could then update to that version with blobs since its no longer signed and use a jailbreak for it when it is released
is there any way to bypass an app's ios check? im on ios 13.5 and a lot of the apps i use now wont let you get past the app's startpage unless you update the app, which requires ios 14+. now one of the apps i need for work wont work unless im on ios 14+. is there anyway to get around this? i'd hate to have to update and loss the ability to jailbreak just so i can use a few apps
hello there, i have a iphone 6s with 15.4.1, i need to do jailbreak, anyone knows how could i get it?
this happened after i switched from checkrain to uncover (ios 13.7, iphone x) i already tried rebooting and reinstalling cydia, any other idea?
my phone is already jailbroken like i have cydia and stuff how do i renew jailbreak with unc0ver ios 13.3
i know maxing out storage on stock ios can fuck you, just wondering if there was an increased risk on jben
are there any jailbreak for iphone 12 pro max on 14.7.1 yet? sorry if this isn't the right channel don't normally type
anyone wanna trade an iphone se 2020 ios 14.8.1 for a compatible jailbreaking phone with a comparable ios lol
is there anything i can read regarding people working on an ios 15 jb? like idk if people have blogs or something
is it possible to jailbreak with an iphone se (the one that has a glass back and a centered iphone logo) that has ios 14.8.1?
because u0 literally has a whole giant message dedicated to every issue it causes and u0 has so many issues for pre-14.0 on modern versions
so i need to update to the latest ios version 15.4.1 to use my apple watch i got but im on 14.7.1 (iphone 12) and i want to jailbreak in the future (have been waiting since last october) should i update now or just not update and wait for jb if there ever is one. i would rather be jailbroken than have an apple watch lmao
imagine if someone botted the rolbox jailbreak discord and made a bunch of bots ask how to jailbreak iphone 13 ios 15.9
i got banned from the roblox jailbreak discord for asking if theres any news on the 14.8 and 15.1 jailbreak
with jailbreak is it possible to update the jailbroken device beyond supported update? (ipad air 1 limit is ios 12)
can i upgrade my fugu14 se2020 to 15.1 with a blob? i dont think this phone even has faceid to break
so any suggestions on what i should try to get? i'm pretty much thinking i'm kinda screwed on getting anything with a jbable ios.
hey guys, im trying to jailbreak my iphone 8 but its on ios 15, is there any way i can downgrade it?
hey does anyone know why instagram wont open for me i have no tweaks for it and it just wont open im on a 12 pro max on 14.1 (taurine)
there is a exploit that unlocks xtk allowing a new jailbreak to come in the vbc bootstrap and it also starts when booting until ios 15.7.1 gets released.
quick question (yes or no) is there **any** way to downgrade ios 15.4.1 to a version where it is possible to jailbreak
how do you get into finding exploits for ios? i can code in java and python and have some knowledge of cybersecurity so what else should i learn
hey, im new to the server and have no idea about jailbreaking. im currently watching idm (who directed me to this server) to understand it but quick question. if profiles are unsigned is it still possible to get older versions of ios even if im on 15.4
so i wanna get back into jailbreaking so i fired up my iphone 6 but it seems that i still have cydia and couple other jailbreak related apps, i can't access and delete any of them because i am not jailbroken, i have tried wiping the phone but all those jail broken apps wont go away, what should i do?
make it yourself if you think its so easy, its not easy to make a jb and with how hard ios 15 changes stuff, fu** off.
so your bootlooping with unc0ver and you want to save a blob so you can restore your current ios version
hey, any thoughts on upgrading an ipad pro currently on 12.4 to 15+ and whether its worth it to stay on a lower firmware for the jb?
i have an ipad that i'd like to start using again and i'm not sure whether it is worth it to upgrade the ios. anyone familiar with how the jailbreak scene is for ipad that might make it worth it or not?
ok so technically no but last i checked you can still use dallas to go to 14.8.1 (which does have a jailbreak for the iphone x, albeit with caveats)
hi, i bought a iphone 6s that is on ios 11 and i want to keep it on a lower os but there is a lockscreen on the iphone, is there a way to restore it without updating it or updating it but to something like ios 12 so i can still jailbreak?
are there any others that are better ? or is unc0ver the only one that works currently for 14.7.1 xr
hey guys just had one question. will jailbreak be possible on ios 15.0 on iphone 12 pro max based on current info?
how did you guys start to develop jailbreaks? you guys just made apps and got comfortable with the ios architecture?
i've been using altstore because i'm not jailbroken, and won't be until a 15.1 jb is released. in essence, what i'm understanding is that there's no real reason for me to switch away from doing this
as i'm assuming there still isn't a jailbreak for 15.1 (i remember hearing about the exploit found a bit ago, but i'd imagine actually making a jailbreak from it takes time), is there any sideloadable app that exists to block ads on youtube sort of the same way vanced did for android?
so its been a looooong time since ive had anything to do with iphones and jailbreaks.. but untethered jailbreaks just dont exist these days, right?
hi i ve ios 13 with jailbreak, i need to install microsoft teams but in appstore is says that minimum version is ios 14, is there any chance to bypass that shit?
is it possible to downgrade ios 15.3.1 back to ios update that is valid to jailbreak with on iphone 11?
yo my iphone is bricked. i can't open any app, power off, hard reset, screenshot, or do anything at all in it. all i can view is springboard. i'm 1.4.4 unc0ver
is there any planned date for uncover to support ios 15 or is there another way to jailbreak ios 15 anyone else would recommend?
and whenever i reboot my ipad does it just disappear and act like i never installed anything and i have to reinstall all the jailbreak apps?
if i were to jailbreak an ipad pro 11 2nd gen, do i need to use ***this*** method? or anything involving putting my apple id anywhere
hello, i heard about a week ago that one of the jailbreak developers said that there is a new sileo jailbreak that will be released for the 15.0 update. is this news true?
i figured it out, and i pressed "jailbreak" on chimera, it restarted my ipod, but how can i know if it worked ?
yeah how do i downgrade my ipod touch 7 to ios 14.3 or 14.1 on ubuntu linux with blobs (and nonce already set with ipwndfu) if futurerestore keeps failing and no way to fix it? i  give up waiting for a jailbreak for ios 15.1
i understand now how i do it,i need to install odysseyra1n in my computer and flash it in usb,and power off my computer into bios and jailbreak ios 14.8 by it and after install sileo
no it's just way too many people whine about "when jailbreak" or "i need jailbreak 15.4.1 iphone 13 pro max"
is there some kind of video tutorial or something i can watch that will show me how to jailbreak my iphone or something
is the helix jailbreak any good? i am planning to jailbreak an old ipad i found but not sure what to use
is the helix jailbreak any good? i am planning to jailbreak an old ipad i found but not sure what to use
can you jailbreak ipad pro 9.7 inch (5th gen ipad) on ios 14.5.1 with kubuntu linux on windows via usb
is the helix jailbreak any good? i am planning to jailbreak an old ipad i found but not sure what to use
is the helix jailbreak any good? i am planning to jailbreak an old ipad i found but not sure what to use
i have a iphone 6s on ios 14.3 and i want to jailbreak but i don't know which jailbreak are better for my device
to be clear, i am trying to save a blob so i can restore it to my current ios version to retain jailbreakability (and bc honestly i don't like ios15)
because apple has invented so many security mitigations that it's near impossible to jailbreak on ios 15
hi guys, new in the house, i just wanted to ask is there a way to rollback from 15.3.1 of a9x ipad pro to some jailbreak supported versions?
i have this iphone 5 that keeps giving me a connecting to icloud error when i try to sign in. can i jailbreak it by any chance?
hello, is it possible to bypass 'activation lock' via a jailbreak? (ios 14) if so how, and are there any tools that you recommend? thank you
i don't check up on the jailbreak scene as much as i should anymore, does anyone know if theres a work around to use apps that do hard no supports for older ios (capital one banking app, ios 13.3.1)
how is my iphone still able to do the totally-not-spyware jailbreak even though it's not connected to the internet anymore
wheres the best place to buy jailbreakable phones? i want a newer phone (like an x or sum) on ios 14 but the mfs on ebay got me fucked up w them prices
ok idk what to do i have an iphone 6s thats currently unjailbroken on ios 11 that still has lots of jailbreak remnants on it (especially in the other part of my storage) i dont wanna upgrade to ios 15 since it can slow down a 6s and i barely have any storage space(its a 16gb phone) if i could update to ios 12 or 13 that would be helpful but idk if i can, im stuck and not sure what to do and its been like this for over a week
there are no jailbreaks for ios 15, there are upcoming jailbreaks for ios 15.0 - 15.1.1, however no release date is known so don't ask for it
hi can someone tell me if there's a command on this server that lets you know what jailbreaks are available for your device and ios
i dont know if you heard of this company called apple, but im willing to pay for a kernel and userland exploit for ios 15.4.1
i think you gotta restore rootfs but yeah you could just update to 15.1.1 soon and wait for the jailbreak to release soon
you cannot update to any version of 15 and keep your jailbreak, you cannot update to any version of 14 without blobs
i have an iphone 12 pro max is there a way i can downgrade to an older ios version to jailbreak? i am currently on 15.1.1
btw boys can i downgrade my iphone from 15.3.1 to 14? and after i downgrade can i jb my device with unc0ver?
taurine15 will support a11 for all ios 15.x versions. this means i can update to ios 15.4.1, and just wait until coolstar releases his jailbreak?
i am on ios 15.4.1 on my 13 pro, and i don't wanna wait 2 years or something before my phone gets supported. so i am looking for a phone that can be jailbroken. what version of ios + what phone is the best combination for jailbreak right now. talking about stability, unthethered jailbreak and tweak compatibility.
is there a way to subscribe to a service that will give instant notification when jailbreak is available for a specific ios?
i know this is an old topic. but is it futile to stay on 14.8.1 with 11 pro max? are there any jailbreaks for 14.8.1 in the works? all i hear is that there are 15.x.x jailbreaks coming soon. i should have updated around 15.2.x i guess. should i update now or stay and pray? what is the verdict?
hi everyone. this morning i woke up to a jailbreakers worst nightmare, iphone disabled, connect to itunes. is there a fix to this without restoring ios. i have a backup on icloud of my phone on ios 14.3 and i read somewhere that icloud backup keeps to ios version. is this true or do you guys have anything else that i can do?
guys i wanna ask how much it would cost me for an old iphone of any generation from the uk like ebay for example, and how i could get it jailbreaked?
bro share me that site which show all version for jailbreak. not by selecting because i am thinking to update my device , because 14.4.2 is hard jailbreak.
hi team, i have 6th gen ipad with  14.6 firmware - i am getting unsupported in uncover, any idea how to fix this ?
is it possible for me to save blobs for the ios version im on rn (15.1 from delay ota) then downgrade to 14.8 blobs i have saved so i can jailbreak then when the jailbreak drops go back to 15.1 if i can save the current blobs and if not 15.0 from ones i saved?
hello everyone, i have an iphone 13 which for now is not jailbrekable because it has ios 15.4.1 installed, when the jailbreak comes out i would like to do it only that being poorly informed on the subject i do not want to throw away the phone for any errors. i am very convinced unc0ver what do you tell me?
i get you, what is the best ios version for iphone 11 tho? i want to be in the latest version that most likley gonna have a jailbreak soon
it's either i tethered downgrade or i wait until a 15.3.1 jailbreak is released (which is very unlikely)
i don't have 14.3 blobs but i was trying to see if i could use inferius to downgrade since my device is compatible with checkra1n
i have apple watch se and want to pair my iphone 12 ios 14.1 uncover jailbreak. apple watch requires ios 15+, is there any way i can bypass this?
anyway to actual preform checkra1n you need to teach someone how to enter the bios, disable secure boot, boot a live usb, enter dfu mode on a device, and then specifically tell them to not press the cydia button because it fucks with another script despite the fact they do it out of instinct
open your eyes. it's almost ios 16 & we are still months out from an ios 15 jailbreak that isn't supporting anything 15.1+. they haven't even figured out checkra1n yet
im just being realistic. it's almost ios 16 time, & still no ios 15 jb. when has that ever happened before? never, that i can recall.
hey, is there anyone that could help me with jailbreaking my iphone 5? because im getting an error when trying to sign in to my apple id on sideloadly
i would understand 15.4 because emojis, but every time you update you delay a possible jb for your device by several months
15.2+ is already killing your chances at a jb for a long while but now you won't be able to go any lower than 15.4 which is likely to be even worse
liberty beta doesnt bypss the anti jb from 8 ball pool. anyone know why? iph7 ios14.7.1 a10 running odysseyn1x
is uncover 15.4 already out because i downloaded their aplication and it shows that 11.0 - 15.4 but in their webpage they say that it is only for 14.8?
hey guys, just wondering if there is a way to jailbreak my iphone 11 ios version is 15.4, or any way to downgrade ios versions without jailbreaking?
hello all i am very new to apple and have a iphone 6s running 11.4 i'm trying to upgrade to ios 13 or 14 then jailbreaking. is something like that possible?
i remember that there was this visualization of all the ios firmwares and how long it took for a jailbreak to be released for each one
i have an ipod touch 2nd gen so i was wondering if that could be jailbroken lol, jailbreaks back then weren't nearly as safe from what i've heard
guys, ios 14.8 for iphone 12 is dead for jailbreak? i didn't specifically update the software, there used to be an iphone x, but there was cheakra1n, and how did you buy a new device, it was 14.3 out of the box, but for apple pay to work i had to update to 14.8, and now there is no possibility for 15.1, is it worth waiting further or does it no sense?
how can i get the 15.3rc sep? i was told if i futurerestore to 15.1 from 14.8.1 using blobs, i can wait for 15.1 taurine and sep will work. im on a11
hey, i try to jailbreak my iphone 5c to use it for my car with carbridge, but if i try to load some repos i get these errors, can someone help me? or it is the wrong channel
looking for help jailbreaking an ipad 4 on 10.3.3.. havent had any luck today, mostly broken links, or failures
so i can update to ios 15.2 (that is the earliest ios on my phone that is downloaded) or update to ios 14.6 with blobs and jailbreak without face id?
is there any way to update to an iphone xr from 14.3 to 14.5 or later and still be able to jailbreak and or add air tag support to an iphone xr ios 14.3?
is there anything cool you can do on 15.2 ? i know you can't jb but can you like sideload or anything
hello gentlemens i have a thought upon my mind i was questioning if one can answer if we can jailbreak iphone 7 that uses iso 15.3.1
just a quick question. i am on 14.5 and jailbroken with uncover. i have saved blobs for 15.1 and 15.1.1 . would it be possible for me to future restore to one of these firmwares if and when the jb releases ?
basic ios is for people who are ok with learning how to use a phone, jailbreak and android (besides the lower tier financial reason) are for pleople who want to tell their phone how it has to adapt to them.
hello could someone help me maybe? cuz when i go to "canijailbreak" it only mentions macbooks and watches. but not an iphone. (iphone x 15.3.1)
i remember this one kid who thought he could make his own jailbreak by just taking fugu (not fugu14) and trying to run it on his ios 15.3 iphone
why are so many people starting to say that jailbreak is dead and that we will never have an ios 15 jailbreak
can someone please help me sim carrier unlock iphone 12 pro max 15.3.1 i'm assuming i would need to downgrade to 14.4 to jailbreak and then use grayrhino but pretty new to all of this
can i get from ios 15.2 back to ios 14 or lower because i want to jailbreak my iphone i do that my first time please help my
can anyone help me? i'm on 14.3 iphone xs max using taurine and sileo has disappeared. i was on 1.1.3 and tried following a reddit post saying to downgrade to 1.1.1 and it would re-install sileo but it hasn't. do i need to rootfs and re-jb to fix this or what? if i'm posting in the wrong area please let me know thanks
hello guys is there a way i can jailbreak my iphone8+ 14.4.2 on windows it was jailbroken with a mac but my phone restarted and it went away now i only have a windows.
well once they figure out how to deal with rootless or the new mount binds they trying , checkra1n shall work on all ios 15 releases
not possible until there's a jailbreak for 14.6 (even then, you need blobs and it will break face id)
my xr was on 14.3 and i could jailbreak but it broke and it was 200 to fix it or trade it in and like 350 for a new phone
hi everyone, im new on this odmains, i have ipohne 11 ios 15.3.1 annd i don't find anything for jailbreak my phone can someone help me pls
hey guys, i've jailbroken my iphone x (ios 14.6) with checkra1n and now pokemon go won't launch. any solutions to this?
hi guys, i used to do one jailbreak operation in 2012 now i want to do one more, so here is a question i have 14.4.2 iphone 11 will it work if i use ?
im on an iphone 11, ios 15.2, im on an 8 plus right now andit was just given to me, if its not gonna be jailbreakable anytime soon then i may aswell sell it, thoughts?
i have iphone 12 pro max working on ios 14.4.2 i want to update to 14.8 , is this possible ? i need to keep jailbreak
if that's possible then i essentially have no worries and can just patiently wait for checkrain to support 15.3.1
hi, i am running a iphone 7 ios 11.2.2 with electra jailbreak. since a year ago, i cannot use the appstore to update or install anything anymore, and now essential apps are starting to not work on ios 11. i have no choice but to update my ios. anyone knows which ios can i update to and still be able to jailbreak and how?
guys any recommendation for bypass jailbreak detection for 14.4.2 ? im trying to play apex legends mobile
quick question: i've got a iphone se 1st gen with 13.3.1, which was previously jailbroken  (tethered of course) and now rebootet. how can i find out if unc0ver or checkra1n was used?
checkra1n does have an unpatchable bootrom exploit but checkra1n doesn't support ios 15 yet either and its iphone x and below only
check what message i replied too... i replied to the message of you telling the guy he can jb on ios 15 when he can't.
has anything been done with the browser exploit (found in ios 15 i believe)? not asking next jailbreak.
eventually (maybe) taurine will be updated for ios 15 and you can get cydia from the procurses repo in sileo
yo guys sorry to be annoying but it is possible to downgrade from ios 15 to 14.5.1 and then jailbreak it right?
i have iphone 8 plus i dont mind about chekcrain or uncover as long as i can to upgrade to one of these
i just saved blobs for 15.3 rc for my iphone 11. i'm currently on ios 13.3, can i upgrade to 15.3 somehow later on when the jailbreak is released? sorry i'm new to this.
op seems to wish for a jailbreak claiming activator is better, yet seems to constantly update their iphone 12 pro and likely hasn't jailbroken recently, and it seems like they often post to nsfw sites
hey guys, do you know if ios 15.4 is any different to 15.2 for a potential jailbreak? am on 15.2 considering to update.
i would like to know how to do a jailbreak because i bought an app to play youtube on the car screen. i bought the app on an iphone and i want to install it on another iphone. how can you serve me, friends?
the video showed an ipad under the version of unc0ver and the ipad wasn't supported because the chip
hey uhh i was wondering if its possible to downgrade i have ios 15.4 and i want to downgrade to an earlier ios so i can jailbreak i have an iphone 6s
and can i jailbreak an iphone se 2 , 64gb with ios 14.8 with uncovered? and without need to reboot with pc
does the blobs you saw that i saved means i can go to 15.4 now from 14.8.1 then go back to 15.1 if there is a jailbreak?
basically as long as you futurerestore with custom latest set to 15.3rc you can go to 15.1 and wait for taurine15 and not have anything be broke, jailbroken state or not
**rumors abound that checkra1n is gaining ios 15.x support for a10 devices and below on september 20th, just in time for ios 16 so the checkra1n team can struggle with it for another year!**
following a topic of why i wanted to jailbreak my ipad to have access to roblox studio, i would like to know what you think of the idea of simply using google's remote desktop application.
is it possible to make an ipa with jailbreak tweaks? like extract them from a jailbroken iphone and have them an ipa?
there is a tweak that lets you put five apps in the bottom bar (i think it's called the dock?), i have it installed but i'm not actually having five items in there yet: i must know, what happens when you reboot your iphone and loose jailbreak whith five items in the do k?
technically a bootrom exploit could also be an iboot exploit up to a certain ios version, but iirc checkm8 is not actually exploitable in iboot
hey i was re-jb with u0 on 14.8 when the jb stopped and now i can't turn my phone off or even hard reset it. any advice?
does anyone recommend that i save blobs and update my iphone 12 pro (ios 14.6) to ios 15.1.1 to jailbreak, and if so is there a youtube tutorial cuz im new to this
prove me wrong that cs is interested more in ios 15 jb then fugu14 because many looking forward to a ios 15 jb
hello, i already have an iphone 13 (nojb), but i just found my old iphone 6s ios 10.3.1 that i want to jailbreak but i forgot the code how i can retrieve it ?
only a11 (iphone x) and older can downgrade without a jb because they have a bootrom exploit (checkm8)
everything e.g how it is possible to jb the latest ios with an usb stack exploit (is this how these chinese boxes works?)
iphone xr,  ios 15.2 ? that mean i can jailbreak right ? a11-a12  ios 15.3 below ? read on twitter they say. sry for my bad english btw.
i jailbroke my ipad with checkra1n, i want to use unc0ver can i just do unc0ver or like what do i need to do
with all the webkit exploits that actually get patched, tbh we could probably have a web based jailbreak for every ios version up to 14.8
hey im very noob and new to jailbreaking but i was wondering if anybody was free to help me jailbreak a iphone x running 14.4.1 or a iphone 7 running 14.4, any help will be greatly appreciated as im clueless even with searching it up
ok then still my question is if there's any appstore like that for the phone without jailbreak, for tweaks. because i remember i had it in my iphone 6 for cool ui changes and stuff
tbh i might update to 15.4, i can get like 95% of jailbreak functionality these days just by injecting apps
the fact that people can reverse engineer ios to find exploits and then develop jailbreaks is astonishing to me
hey umm, im trying to put my iphone 6s into dfu mode from recovery with checkra1n, but im not getting anywhere - following the in-screen instructions is useless.
anyone have any good suggestions for things to side load in the meantime until there's a jailbreak for 15.1?
okay. so i can't do the 15.1.1 jailbreak when it comes out right? just need to hope they release one for 15.1
hi i saw there is a jailbreak for ios 15 to be released or was released and was thinking if it will work on ios 14.8.1
when the jailbreak for iphone 13 comes out and i jailbreak it can i still use the phone normaly after jailbreak like calling someone wlan and roaming services and all of that ?
what should i do?, i want to jailbreak my iphone but not sure what i should do, i have a a14 chip and ios 14.7.1
i could use my mom iphone for that, even she asked me to jailbreak his phone but she is on 15+, so, rip.
yo quick question for you gentlmen, im out of the loop; is there a working jailbreak option for the public for ios 15.0and 15.1 or is it just the  explois used to make the jailbreak?
stupid question if there is no jailbreak yet for 15.0 - 15.2 why are people wanting to update to 15.3
i am on 14.6 on my m1 ipad is there a better version of ipados i could be on for better chances to get a jb?
is there anyway to check if a device is jailbroken? i had a jailbreak on my ipad a long time ago but i don't remember which one as i accidently deleted the app once
since 15.2+ have some other issue its going to get tougher and tougher for jb to get released but still let's jailbreak will not die or at least hope
or you can do is future restore to 15.1 and wait for a a jb but i won't suggest jumbing into 15 since nobody knows how its gonna work
i went back to 14.3 because i decided that no jb + no new emoji is more pain than no face id, also gonna see if i can make futurerestore use delay ota sep (of course no sep downgrade, that's why i restored with 15.3 rc sep)
bois help me, i have been trying to jailbreak an iphone 5c on 10.3.3 using h3lix and i'm getting the uicache failed error. can someone help? using windows with the possibility to use linux, and sideloadly.
hey guys, i have been trying to jailbreak an iphone 5c on 10.3.3 using h3lix and i'm getting the uicache failed error. can someone help? using windows with the possibility to use linux, and sideloadly.
hey guys, i have been trying to jailbreak an iphone 5c on 10.3.3 using h3lix and i'm getting the uicache failed error. can someone help? using windows with the possibility to use linux, and sideloadly.
hello guys, quick question, is it possible to upgrade my 12 pro max on 14.4 jailbroken with fugu to 15.1.1 with saved shsh ofc without breaking faceid due to sep compatibility?
can't seem to find a clear answer anywhere, does anyone know if it's even worth waiting for the upcoming jailbreaks on a 15 pro max on ios 15.2?
if i got an iphone 13 pro max, ios 15.2, should i just give up on jailbreaking and update, or is there any chance with the jailbreaks out rn?
if i got an iphone 13 pro max, ios 15.2, should i just give up on jailbreaking and update, or is there any chance with the jailbreaks we've heard of?
anyone know any jailbreak that works with altstore, i have an iphone x on 14.6 (uncover is compatible)
is there a jailbreak for ios 15.3.1? and if there is not, do i upgrade to 15.4? or do i remain on the current one i have.
anyone on unc0ver 14.8 jb and experiencing random resprings? happens like 4 times a day and never happpened on 13.5 for me
i have a question, how is jb detection on later versions like 14.5-8? i have a vulnerability on my 15.0.2 and plan to jailbreak soon but i just would like to know how it has been ober the past couple of years
or alternatively if you don't have blobs you could update to ios 14.8.1 if you're fine with that (still jailbreakable with checkra1n)
so as i have no responses to my question "i have this iphone 6s running ios 14.4.1 and want to force it by any means possible to run 14.5. is that possible?" i conclude that jailbreak cannot do the job.
yeah 14.8 is not jailbreakable so unless your nonce is frozen (e.g. because you saved blobs with blobsaver in unjailbroken state while on 14.8 and 15.1.1 was signed), you can't futurerestore
hi i have 1 question .can i use futurestore.i wanna update iphone 12 mini from 14.8 to 15.1.1 .i have saved blobs on 15.1.1  but at the moment is not jailbreaken.if is yes i will not lose face id? because 15.3.1 sep is ok with 15.1.1 thank you.
yeah i did wonder if her retirement might mean things take longer lol! i got lucky getting 14.1 tbh...i will most likely get the iphone 14 pro max when they come out so moving to 15.3.1 would probably be a pretty daft move in that case yeah? as i would lose my jailbreak up to the release date anyway
hi there! i'm new to the whole jailbreaking thing, so i was wondering if someone could show me how to jailbreak my iphone 7 ios 15.3.1? (i'm trying to get veency)
well, you can stay on 14.6 (which cs doesn't care about right now, checkra1n doesn't support the 12 and never will, and pwn is basically screwed rn), or you can go to 15.3.1 (which cs will not support for the 12, and has a lot more problems than 14.6 does).
any updates on ios 14.7.1 iphone 12 pro? i always stay as low as possible but it seems like a jailbreak is more likely to come to ios15 for iphone 12 pro
when cs saidfuture jb a12+ works only on 15x only up to 15.1.1....did that mean a12 and anything above?
does anyone know how i can sideload electra onto my iphone on ios 11.3.1? i need to get cydia up and running so i can unjailbreak it, persevre me personal data, and update it.
technically if the ios 15 jailbreak is released we could use ipad with usb-c port to jailbreak with checkra1n
thats why i said ios 17-18 because they will take some time to figure out how to stop a11 or lower, they will probably kill a12 jailbreaking in ios 16
btw.. i know this might come off very stupid considering jailbreaking kinda opens your phone for mad attacks, but is it possible to update the newest ios security patches on 14.4.1 without breaking jb?
i was thinking of just getting another iphone x since it would still be able to jailbreak easily, but i feel it would be a hard time to get any new device that isn't on 15.x
im on 14.6 and i restarted my phone so jb isnt on bc my apps kept crashing but even now they keep crashing. can someone pls help
hello! i wanted to know if it was possible to bypass the screentime of ios, with or without jailbreak, with or without kali linux?
so rn ios 15.3.1 is being signed so you can generate blobs for it, but lets say one year from now theres a jailbreak for it and you want to install you
does anyone have any issues connecting to an airport express as an airplay target when jailbroken on ios 14? unc0ver and fugu14 for me
also u0 has a bunch of things which they need to figure out before they can even do anything related to 15.x jailbreak
i mean, cs could use it for taurine15 but i don't see the point when tihmstar already improved desc_race
anyone know when we are gonna get an ios 15.1 jailbreak, got a new phone cause the last got software damage
i was barely using the jb for what it offers anyway, so maybe i should just test it out to 15.3.1 and wait for a jailbreak there
alright so i am 100% new to jailbreaking and stuff and i'm wondering if i can downgrade ios 15.4 to 14.8 since ios 15 overheats my iphone 6s
how do you get cydia with taurine jail break im running a iphone x iso 14.0.1 with taurine jailbreak
i have the iphone se 20 model with blobs save for 14.6-15.4 and i always use my blobs for 15.1.1 to always restore to that version when a jailbreak comes out? even if by chance i accidentally updated to 15.4 i can always furture restore to 15.1.1
if i wanted to jailbreak  iphone 11 pro max on 14.7 should i be using an older version on unc0ver or the latest?
iphone x ios 14.0.1 jailbroke it last night sileo not showing i keep rebooting and jailbreaking still not working can anybody help
released ios 15.4 has been released and it works all the way up to ios 15.3.1! this means you can still jailbreak in the near future even if you updated to 15.3.1, although updating is not recommended if you are on lower ios versions.
its on the desc for that video, people can jailbreak in near future still even on these updated ios 15. er
sorry i know this has been asked 1000 times, is it still possible to get to 15.1.1 from 14.3 unc0ver with blobs and futurerestore on a 12 pro max?
hi! so i got a iphone 13 its running ios 15.2 is there going to be a jailbreak working for me anytime within the next year or so?
unc0ver ~~took so fucking long and many tries to get it to work on my 6s on ios 14~~ is stable for my 6s
is there any jailbreak for iphone 12 on ios 14.2 that even if i turn off when on is still jailbreak?
there is some chance of a jailbreak for 15.3.1 after some vulnerability got released i think so at least it's better than nothing you can update to 15.3.1 while it's still being signed
would i have to upgrade to 15.1.1 soon or could i wait for a jailbreak to come out for it? im a little confused on this whole 15.3.1 sep compatibility thing, i just dont want to miss the window if it still has to be signed to use my blobs
does someone know how far is checkra1n in development for ios 15? i heard that the development continued, and many dependencies for it got updated.
my ipad pro 12.9 m1 came back from repair with 15.1   is there a jailbreak expected any time soon for it?
well you'd be missing out on a jb for a long time if a12+ but can't exactly go to anything below 15.2 now
so can you make blobs from another device. for example if my phone is on 15.3 can i blob that without jb? and use it on my 15.1 phone.
love that i held onto ios 14.3 for a while just to not jailbreak the whole time, then updating to 15.2 because my carrier can't figure out its apn settings
so, just to be clear, this is a 15.x (?) - 15.3.1 kernel level exploit which bypasses sandbox that *could* be used
i would not recommend updating to 15.2 or above (and you can't go to 15.1.1 or below anymore), even though there's been a poc released there are additional mitigations that might make a jb take longer than for 14.6
hey guys just a quick question, i have an ipad pro 5th generation on ios 14.6, there is no jailbreak for it, how can i update it to 15.3.1, because it is still signed?
i have a iphone 8 at ios 15.1, do i have to un update it to jailbreak? and how to i go about doing it?
guys even if the jailbreak is released now is it useless unless atleast some of the tweaks are updated to support ios 15?
my iphone auto restart and cannot to be jailbreak, ip5s - 12.5.5, chimera&unc0ver still not jailbreak
hey could someone help me out im trying to jailbreak an ios 15.3.1 if you can just hit up my dm's thans
im on 14.7.1 and im going to update to latest because jailbreaking isn't really good for me, if i save blobs can i go back to that ios ver if i change my mind
so when this new jb comes out for 15 is there going to be a way to downgrade or do you need a blob from before?
well, you can save sep blobs just like ios blobs, but you can't use them because you can't set sep nonce (need an sep exploit for that)
i wanna jaikbreak my ipad pro and i'm trying to use checkrain, but it doesn't have a windows download. any help or suggestions?
k im new to this stuff my iphone xr is on 15.3 and i have a computer and im looking to jailbreak ,so can i?
how tf did i get blobs for ios 14.7.1 and up when i was on 13.4.1 and used u0 and odyssey and never updated once
has anyone got anything on checkra1n error 31 (ipod 7th gen, 14.7.1) checkm8 even says exploit failed
bro some kids in a server saying there isnt gonna ever be an ios 15 jailbreak and the exploit isnt possible
hey question if you press on allow untested version of ios in checkra1n you reckon you could install on devices running ios 15
damn. any fix? i'm really digging the untethered fugu14. can i use a different jb method to keep untethered?
i hope it won't take many months until this a12x ipad pro gets the jailbreak, but i appreciate the effort coolstar is doing so i'mma be patient lol
think later the ios 15 jailbreak will be able to patch the root issue for ios, so we can edit root files?
ios 14.5.1 with an iphone 11, any way for me to update to 14.8.1 or whatever the latest jailbreak version? is this even worth it if possible? already jailbroken.
does someone know if xenhtml widget gets updated for the upcoming ios 15 jailbreak? or do u know if there are any sources for me to look at if it gets updated
do you know how to join the beta test of taurine electra 5.0 or unc0ver? because tweaks are already optimized for ios 15 and there is no jailbreak for ios 15
so the only hope is that if jb released for a14 ios 14.6 to x.x.x, than apnonce can be change right? otherwise saved blobs is useless?
you can jailbreak, and save blobs for the next ios updates so when a jailbreak comes out for them you can update to them
real jailbreak eta: an ios 15 jailbreak will be released within a timeframe of today and the end of the universe
personally i'm still staying on 13.3.1 i can't bother upgrading to ios 15 and waiting for a jailbreak lmao
i could have just let my iphone bootloop for like, 2 more days until eventually i find out about the "launchd_missing_exec_no_panic=1" command for checkra1n
if i have blobs, can i future restore to 15.1 once jailbreak releases and keep faceid on my iphone x (a11)
also, i am planning to jailbreak my main phone (ip12 15.1.1) and i am wondering if it will affect any banking apps
hi! i have an ipad (classic) of ninth generation, it is on ipados 15.4 my question is can we jailbreak it?
hello guys i wanted to jailbreak my ipad 2 mini to erase the locked icloud account and i wanted to ask if this is normal or not using checkrain
hey guys, can anyone help? i want jailbreak my iphone x with ios 15.3.1. i try to downgrade hte phone to ios 14.8 but when i press start futurerestore it say me yout blib name, 19d52, doeas not match the one in hte ipsw name, 18h17. can anyone help?
hey guys, i want to jailbreak my iphone x but it is on ios 15.3.1. can anyone help my how i can downgrade my iphone?
i've already updated to 15.1 though.  so how do i restore rootfs if i'm already updated to 15.1 with no jailbreak?
hello, i have a question, can i delay ota to 15.1 from 13.5.1 and if so should i? im happy with my odysey jailbreak right now, but apps are dropping support for ios 13 already
hey, quick question for those in the know: the soon-to-be-released ios 15.1.1 jailbreak going to be compatible with iphones 12 and 13 ?
hi, quick question. is there a jailbreak available for 15.0.2 on 13 devices? if not, is there any progress towards one?
can i run nfcwriter without jailbreak? like an ipa or such? i did buy it and have used it with jailbreak but i updated to 15.1 a while back.
hey everyone, this is just a quick question. how close is a jailbreak for ios 15.3? just out of curiosity
hi. iphone 12 pro here on 14.1 and jailbreaked. want to go to 15.1.(1). only have blobs for 15.0.2. what are my options? is there some method (otadelay or dallas) to go to 15.1? or my only option is futurerestore with 15.0.2 blobs
i read somewhere that ios 15 jb will be released, but there is a well-established seal system that ios uses in ios 15, so she can't extract cheakrain.
uhm guys im new and uh i want to know how to jailbreak my ios 15.3.1 if anyone can help me with something
wait, even if my iphone 7 is now at 15.3.1, i can follow this guide to downgrade and jailbreak even when apple is not signing ios 14 anymore?
i'm on 14.7.1 ipad pro 3rd gen, should i go to 15.1 or something for a jailbreak? if so, i could use a link with instructions
i got an ipad air 2 running 14.7.1 it can be jailbroken using checkrain but when i do that, it just restarts my device and says "timed out waiting for bootstrap upload (likely caused by an incompatible tweak, to enable safe mode check the option on main screen) (error code: -20)" anyone know how to fix this?
**you cannot jailbreak ios 15.3.1, there's no news at all. please stop asking before you get yourself muted.**
ugh, can someone explain me what exactly altstore is? like, if i have no jailbreak then i will be able to install apps + tweaks in them? does it work on ios 15?
my ipad micro pro is on ios 18.0.2 b1, if i jailbreak with the new taurine will i still be able to unlock with the retina scanner?
my ipad micro pro is on ios 18.0.2 b1, if i jailbreak with the new taurine will i still be able to unlock with the retina scanner?
hi there                how i can downgrade from 15.3.1 to 15.1.1 iphone 12 pro max no jailbreak # help
hello, guys... can i jb an iphone with one icloud credential and then change the credentials? will the jb stiill be effective?
what kind of candidates of jailbreaks are we seeing so far, ive heard about checkra1n and electra being updated for ios 15 also will electra be rootless and what is rootless jailbreak
well i did the command and it said i can't jailbreak my phone, (iphone 8(cdma) is not jailbreakable on ios 15.3.1
hey guys, just bought iphone 11, still in the box.... is there a way to jailbreak it and then make it like coming from the factory for the initial configuratiions?
hey guys, my iphone 11 is finally downloading 15.1 (thanks to flower!) - i wanted to get an opinion...  i have an ipad air 4 with fugu.  my ipad is basically a glorified games machine for me. it's running smoothly and fugu is great. so the decision needs to be made,  should i update it from  14.4 to 15.1?  is there any great benefit or features that should lean me towards going to 15.1?  any opinions?
alright, i just thought that devs were gonna be moving away from 14 and i wanted to make sure i can jailbreak and update with my (hopefully still valid) blobs in the future
i mean technically i could if i updated to 15.1 grabbed the blobs and downgraded but thats not possible without jailbreak
sorry if any of these are dumb questiosn i havent really touched jailbreaking since back when untethered jailbreaks were just starting to die out
and just releasing a 0day exploit is a massive waste when it could work for tons of more ios versions if kept secret for a while
im planning on buying an iphone 12 or 12 mini in the coming weeks. would a jailbreak be possible on these phones?
i have gotten thorugh with the jailbreak on ios 12.5.5 but anything i have installed via sileo isnt working even after enabling them in the settings. am i doing something wrong?
wait if your on a 15.0 beta or 15.0 public release you can still jb right? its still basically 15.0 right?
heyy. im on ios 13 till now but i have saved blobs for ios 15 and 15.1 when jailbreak came out can i upgrade 13 to 15 using blobs ?
i have an a14 device on 14.7.1 (no jailbreak) and can't use futurerestore even tho i have blobs for 15.1 and 15.1.1, and delayota is broken for it. so am i just screwed for a long time?
hey guys i'm in massive debt but i got an apple card while back in 2019 when i actually had good credit score i want to jailbreak my iphone to download 99999999999 dollars to my apple card can you guys teach me how to jailbreak???
hey i'm trying the dallas method for going to jb 15.1 but it wont let me download the version profile can someone help?
just did restore rootfs in uncover ios 13.5 but i still see cydia and filza icons. how do i ensure restore rootfs works?
guys ! it's been three days that i'm trying to jailbreak my iphone 8 but still get the same problem can you please help me
so we can expect an ios 15.1 jailbreak for iphone x and down in the coming months? and iphone 11 and 12... just rip
i know there isnt a jailbreak for ios 15 yet, but, for the best chances of getting one, should i stay on the 15.0 beta?
under the announcements channel you guys are telling iphone 12 users to update to 15.1.1. this is irresponsible and stupid. causing many to lose jailbreaks
the highest jailbreakable version is 14.8.1 but that's not signed so you can't downgrade to it without blobs
random question but the kernel exploit that was discovered in early ios 15 releases, you think that can be used on some ios 14 version too? or is that not how it works
ipad11,3 a12 on 14.5.1 u0 fugu14. stay or upgrade, if upgrade to what and how and until when? otadelay? fr?
hi after unjailbreak my iphone 7 i get a boot loop, it is possible to restore ios 14.0.1 without update?
will the new se always be sold with 15.4, even like a year from now? so i can wait until 15.4 becomes jailbreakable to buy it?
i heard that altstore was updated to work on ios15.4, does that mean that there is a jb for that yet?
hey y'all. i have ipad pro 12.9" 3rd gen jailbroken on 14.3. i have blobs for 14.5.1 - 14.7, then 15.2 - 15.3.1. i guess i completely dropped the ball for those promo versions. for this device can utilize the delayedota method to go to 15.x for the upcoming jailbreak? really appreciate the clarification!
i'm just waiting on iphone 12 mini 15.0.1 and the god is my witness i will literally cum when the jailbreak will be released
i'm on 14.3 jailbroken with an iphone 8. should i update right now or wait until the jailbreak is fully released for 15.1? the post in announcements confuses me. i got blobs for 15.1?
chances are, by the time there's a jailbreak, 15.3.1 will be dead and 15.4 will be the only one signed... how did you save your blobs by chance
thats not how the untether thing is working than i have unc0ver installed but thanit saying unsupported because its not working on ios 14.5
i am trying to sideload unc0ver 5.3.1 after deleting a higher version.  the sideload is successful and i can see unc0ver under device management but not on springboard.  tried rebooting.  i'm on ios13.3.
running ios 12.5.5 when trying to jailbreak with checkrain it says it can't as there is an unstable tweak use safe mode.  when i use safe mode i dont see any tweaks.
i mean on that video he shows the changes on github  and says that checkra1n on ios 15 can support all ios 15 releases
ios 13.3 iph 7 plus. uncover 5.3.1 once jailbroken if someone calls me and i answer the phone goes crazy. it freezes. can t answer. vibrates like crazy. i have to restart it to work again. can anyone help me please
does the application in appstore names ish on ipad can do jailbreak on my iphone,i try lots of times but get -78 error
so i have all blobs saved since ios 15.0.2, i have an a11 device, will have i any issues upgrading to do the new ios 15 jb when it comes out? (at ios 14.4 using checkra1n)
looks like a 12 is where i'm at because 13 jailbreak is not available. is there any way to know what ios the 12 is running before purchasing?
well, this is the thing, i wasn't asking how long this jailbreak is going to take, i am happy with my own and realise no one can possibly know as it is different every time, but was just curious how long has it been in the past. like how long did ios 14 jailbreak take to be released from the exploit. or ios 13 from the exploit to release date. or 14.3. was it a matter of days or months? i really have no idea since this is my first jailbreak that i am on. thanks.
may i kindly and humbly ask, i know it's not nice to enquire on a future jailbreak eta so i'm not going to do that, i know it's a different process every time which therefore makes it unpredictable and it requires a lot of effort so all the appreciation to the devs, but in the past, how long has it usually been from a valid exploit to a released jailbreak? a week, a month, 6 months? i'm happy with my ios 14.4, but just as a curiosity. thanks.
i had the supervised profile stay on my phone on 15.0.1, now i can ota to 15.1 without needing a jailbreak
so when the ios 15.1 jailbreak released, how can i update from 13.5 to 15.1 then? do i need to update to ios 15.0 first or can i immediately update to 15.1?
11 pro, ios 14.2, taurine jb. can i update to 15.1 now and revert back some time later, if a jb does not get released soon? i guess if i update now i can have it with a working face id. if yes, if i update via futurerestore, do i lose all data? i have all blobs. or should i do it via delayota?
hello everyone, small question my iphone 7 is under version 14.4.2 and i need to put it in 15.3.1 but could i jailbreak it again?
the more i think about it the more i understand that there is a chance that we won't see an ios 15.1 jailbreak... at least not anytime soon...
looking at that jailbreak compatible list it turns out my ipad isnt compatible with any tool cause i dont see it on there
you can only use them with a bootrom exploit (checkm8) and conveniently enough your ipad is compatible with checkm8
those who have a checkm8 device and want to go at 15.1 like just dont rush checkra1n on ios 15 could support all ios 15 releases
ipad 4 ios 10.3.3 currently jailbroken. but the exploit wont run anymore. it stops at uicache failed
idk cuz last year when the ios 14.3 jailbreak was released i tried to do delayota to update from 13.5 to 14.3 but it failed and i had to update to 14.4.2 (my current version)
correct me if i am wrong but i can downgrade to ios 14.x and jailbreak? it will go back to ios 15 on reboot
need help ive got an iphone 5s on 12.5.5 and tried every jailbreak, altstore doesnt work anyone know what to do
does anyone know when will this trick be patched? where u can update to ios 15.1 using jailbreak stuff?
hi all, just wondering if anyone might no why when i try re jb my phone all versions install as unsupported? 14.4 software & have always used uc0vr via altstore & have had hardly any issues? its only last few days every time i try install , all versions say unsupported. have tried installing with itunes & sideloadly too but still no good. any ideas b much appreciated.
i have an ipad pro 4th generation, version 15.3, i saved shash 15.1.  can i go back to version 15.1 without jailbreaking?
does anyone have a dummy proof link or file to jailbreak an iphone 7 on 14.4.1 using windows 11? and i mean dummy proof cuz i'm kinda stupid.
besides  from 15.1 having a jailbreak, how is it like, is it bad to go from ios 14.3 to ios 15.1 or nah?
guys i have a question: can iphone 6s be downgraded from the latest ios to ios 10? and can ios be jailbreaked?
having jailbreak in ios 14.1, that's why i doubt that i can use it yesterday it gave me apnonce error
so i'm on iphone x a11 ans i just found out i have 14.4.2 blobs; if i downgrade, can i jailbreak with something else other than checkra1n
if i save 13.5 blobs now then update to 15.1 and save 15.1 blobs can i go back to 13.5 and then update to 15.1 again when the jailbreak comes out?
got an opportunity to buy an iphone 13 pro on 15.2b1 is that a decent fw to jailbreak on? not sure how stable that beta is
question, im on ios 15.01 on an ipad pro, would there be any available jailbreaks or exploits on my version
technically you can still upgrade to 14.8.1 for a few days now but that only has a jb on a11 and below
interesting, i mean is there any other way i can downgrade ios without having to use blobs so i can use another jailbreak
hey just a quick question, i have an iphone 13 pro max on ios 15.0.2, am i in a good position for the the exploit that got released some days ago?
hey im a bit confused on how to use fugu14, how do i enable it, when i restart my phone it is still semi-theatered
so i've heard you cannot upgrade from 14.6 to 15.1 even if you saved blobs for a14 device's. is this true? i'm currently on iphone 12 pro ios 14.6. ( not jailbreak) i've saved blobs using auto tss and blobs saver.
guys thank you for your good information.  do i need to do anything particular with the ipad air 4 that has the fugu jailbreak? (ie. are there any extra steps that i need to perform to uninstall fugu)?
hey guys, i'm sure this may be obvious to some but i'm just trying to get some questions clear in my head so i know next steps.  i've heard there is an exploit and jailbreak coming, but not sure when it will drop.  i have a fugu+unc0ver on my ipad air 4 (on 14.4) and my iphone 11 on 14.8.1.  i'm not tech savy with basebands etc, and never done a future restore.  i don't want to miss out on upgrading both to 15.x, but was wondering... 1. which is the "most stable" os 15 to update to for the coming jailbreak, 2. ota seems the safest way to update, so should i act now and try this dallas thing and stay without a jailbreak until it drops? or should i just wait for the jailbreak? i follow i-device central's videos and from other's i've heard that ota won't work on 15x, yet... when i jumped on today, i'm reading otherwise and that dallas ota method is working.  can anyone clarify some answers for me? i super appreciate it.
if i were to update 15.1 around what would be the estimated time frame be until i can jailbreak again
tbh i'm thinking staying on ios 14. there are not many new features in ios 15 and you have to wait maybe a long time before 15.1 jb comes out
i'm currently jailbreaked on 14.5, still not sure if i want to go 15.1 or not. ios 15 does not intorduce alot new features
all of ios 14 jb awful about instability, how can you even claim it works fine when ppl post daily about not being able to exploit even while jailbroken xd
how would i go about using futurerestore on iphonexs? im looking to test ios 15.1 but i want to be able to go back to 14.7.1 as its jailbreakable
does it work if you have ios 13? been wanting to upgrade so long but not lose my jb. i missed many opportunities
hi i have xs max 12.1 what available ios can update to get new jailbreak most of app not work with 12.1 its too old
is it possible to go back to ios 14 from ios 15 as i got a used iphone 11 with ios 15 but would like to jailbreak it
is it possible to jailbreak ios 14.2 iphone 8 yet? if not, do you guys think it will be possible in the future?
hey sorry to bother you guys but i have a iphone 7 on ios 14.8 while my friend and i tried to jailbreak with checkrain, bootrain, taurine, and uncover, but nothing we tried, seemed to work. we even tried linux and windows, with different usb cables, and usb ports. any ideas? please and thanks in advance.
ive currently got an iphone 11 thats on 15.2.1, is there any way i can downgrade to one of the ios versions where the exploits work without having blobs for them?
are there any online jailbreaking methods for 14.3? i know a few but they all require moneys i dont have
i have an iphone 7 with the first developer preview of ios 15. i should wait for the jailbreak to be released and then update to ios 15.1 with futurerestore?
hey guys not sure if this is possible but since i have blobs for 14.8, could i downgrade from 15.2.1 and then jailbreak and use this method to upgrade to 15.1 on a12?
would anybody mind explaining how i could un-jailbreak my iphone without totally wiping it? its been years since i have messed around with this, and totally lost all notion regarding how things work. currently sitting at ios 14.2
wait guys serious question. if ios 15 gets jailbreak, can i then downgrade to ios 14 so i can get full root?
hey everyone do you think now that a jailbreak has been released for ios 15 that some tweaks will come very soon?
i saw something here a few minutes ago about checkra1n ios 15 predicted for september. is there any real backing to this prediction? what is really known about the prospects of checkra1n on ios 15?
is there a way to downgrade to an unsigned ios version? apparently futurerestore found an exploit called pwndfu
like if i can't confirm that there will be a jailbreak for ios 15.1 then it's not worth updating in my opinion...
and afaik you were able to rebuild the source code of taurine and compile it on your ipad, how well did the success rate go?
no, succession is dead, you can achieve the same with restore rootfs (which will probably just delete the jb directory on ios 15) followed by erase all contents and settings
uhhh redsn0w has nothing to do with blobs? redsn0w is a jailbreak for ios 3-6. you're supposed to backup your blobs however you want. on your computer, on an external ssd, etc etc. there's also cloud solutions like autotss, tsssaver, shsh.host, etc etc
i don't have a jailbreak device.... but i have an ipadair2! can i downgrade iphonese (2020) if i downgrade this to ios 14.8 and jailbreak?
i updated to 14.3 with no news of anything jb related before 14.1 vulns started to appear and it paid off
i don't have a jailbreak device.... but i have an ipadair2! can i downgrade iphonese (2020) if i downgrade this to ios 14.8 and jailbreak?
so, theoretically once a ios 15 jailbreak is released, would i be able to force a downgrade to ios 14 from 15.1? unsure if the sep is compatible, which is why i asked
im on a15 ios 15.2 non. jailbroken can i use ota delay to go back to 15.1.1 for when jb is released?
im guessing apple was trolling and then as soon as he released the exploit they closed off delay ota to 15.1.1 and stopped signing the betas
that should work once the jb is released, however if 15.3.1 is unsigned by the time the jb is released then faceid will break because of sep incompatibilities
i mean you could delete setup.app because you have an iphone x but you would have to boot via checkra1n
so is there still an issue using delayota i wanna go to the newest ios that might end up jailbreakable
does anyone know if the new exploit would work on the 15.0 that shipped on iphone 13pm  or is it 15.1 only?
now that binary boy released that proof of concept for ios 15 jb. based on previous trends, what is the wait we can expect for the jb devs to update there applications?
hi everybody i have a problem! that is about my iphone my iphone after jailbreak can't do "tap to wake" but if i unjailbreak my iphone runs properly and can do "tap to wake" is there a tweak that crashes causing the "tap to wake" feature to not work!?
hi, is there currently for me a way to downgrade my iphone 8 from 15.0. to jailbreak without losing touch id?
how does a windows user jailbreak a 14.4 ipad? i tried forever to get underc0ver to work but there's no way to downgrade my ipad ios
apple is laaaame with the nazi lockdown of their ios. whatever. i have an untethered 12promax but my wife is stuck on an uncover jb 8 plus now for god knows how long.
just got a free used iphone 11 pro from verizon and it came with 15.2. is there any way to get back to beta for the upcoming jb?
honestly if ios added full sideloading and a better icon theming, i wouldn't jb anymore at all. it has so much stuff that jb used to offer but now apple has it native
imagine if no jailbreaks are ever released for any more versions of ios and jailbreaking dies. that would be funny i think
downgrade options to beta 1 and 2 on ios 15 are closed now? no other way to get to any jailbreakable firmware from 15.2?
if he has an iphone x or below and he saved blobs for the version he wants to jailbreak to then he can downgrade, if not then it is impossible
the only version of ios 14 you can update to without blobs is ios 14.8.1, and even then there aren't even any semi-untethers for that, only a semi-tether (checkra1n)
when i jailbroke a long time ago you could choose a ios 14 or what ever to choose from and update your device to that version then jb
alr let me try that, i used to have a iphone se 2 with ios 14.0 using taurine, but it's bricked when i was trying to use delayota to update it to 14.3 somehow
i did some research, the initial ios 14 jb for unc0ver released in feb, the next update for 14 was in oct
hi, i have an iphone 5 as a backup phone, icloud was locked until now, but today i activated it untedhered on a mac with my friend. i have a jailbreak history before but i did it in higher versions, how can i do it on ios 10.3.4 sideloadly or via cydia impactor i'm getting an error and if the 3rd party appstores are revoked, what can i do other than waiting?
idk. i heard that apparently 15.2 b1 is supposedly gonna have a jailbreak so i stuck with that version and anything above will have to wait even longer
hey im on unc0ver 14.8 and my safari just randomly stopped working it was just working fine yesterday, it wont load any pages or websites. i have tried icleaner pro.  anyone know a fix?
guys.. i just received a new iphone 13 pro max and it's on ios 15.2... i want to wait for a future jailbreak but do i have to revert to an older firmware like 15.1.1 for instance?
i really think its not coming just yet. following the development on checkra in, there is lot to fix for a 15 jb, if nothing we can expect it before march ends.
hey fellas been out of the game fir a while got a couple iphone 11s on 15.1 and 15.2 is jailbreak possible or close to possible on them?
does anyone know the current update and information on the upcoming ios 15 jb and a rough time to expect it?
does anyone know the current update and information on the upcoming ios 15 jb and a rough time to expect it?
oh shit now the flood of whitenames are going to come in asking if they can jailbreak ios 15 because of this
i wanted to make tweaks when i actually had an iphone but when i had my iph7 there was literally no jailbreak the entire time i owned it
my jailbroken iphone ran out of charge and the jailbreak wont work nor will any of the other apps so i'm tryna install unc0ver again with altstore but altstore keeps saying it can't connect to my device
can someone give me a real answer tho? like the current newest version is 14.8 with unc0ver, whats the most likely ios 15 version
how likely is 14.8 a14 jb in this year? i know no one knows if its 100% possible but are there any useful vulns found?
i used to be 14.4 and i wanted to checkrain and used a virtual machine macos and i regret doing that
my ipad was dead with no battery and now it does not have a jailbreak, can i install a new version of chekarin on it
quick question im currently on ios 15.2 (iphone 11) is there a way i can downgrade to ios 14.8 to jailbreak ?
checkm8 is the hardware exploit, not checkra1n. checkm8 already supports ios 15, just not checkra1n yet.
can i use blobs to go to ios 15.1.1 if a jailbreak comes out for it before 14.8 without breaking face id?
the sockpuppet exploit (not the type of account) only supports ios 12.0-12.2 & 12.4. how do i jailbreak 12.3-12.3.2 & 12.4.1-12.5.5 on any device?
the sockpuppet exploit (not the type of account) only supports ios 12.0-12.2 & 12.4. how do i jailbreak 12.3-12.3.2 & 12.4.1-12.5.5?
the sockpuppet exploit (not the type of account) only supports ios 12.0-12.2 & 12.4. how do i jailbreak 12.3-12.3.2 & 12.4.1-12.5.5?
hi, i want to jailbreak my ipad, up but it is on ios 15.2.1 (i'm new to this) and unc0ver doesn't support my ios 15.2.1, what do i do?
hey,anyone knows how to jailbreak an iphone 5? i've looked up some things on google and i can't find anything
i mean, if there's not even a rumor or anything, chances are we'll be at ios 16 before a jb comes out
the problem i have on ios 15.3, i don't have jb, i just wanted to know if there's a way to not show that part when we download an ipa from sideo, and that profile is downloaded
so i have a ipad mini that is running 9.3.5 and it can update to 9.3.6 is it recommended to update to that version before jailbreaking or is it okay to do so without updating, i know for the most part it doesn't but just curious due to it being so old etc etc?
i have a iphone se 2020 second gen 15.3.1. if i can access the blobs on there is it possible to downgrade to 14 and jb with uncover?
hi i changed to iphone 13 pro max is there a jailbreak for ios 15.1 (yes im gonna wait for it) or an upcomming jailbreak for ios 15.1
till which version of ios 15 do we have an exploit which has a good chance that it could be used to create a jailbreak?
okay i'm new to all this, my iphone is running 15.3.1, can i jailbreak it or is the software too new?
so i want to get a warranty replacement for my iphone se that has a wonky charging post but the replacement will likely come with a nonjailbreakable version. its not urgent, so should i wait until a currently signed version of ios is jailbreakable or what?
hey guys, a bit of context for my problem: i recently bought a washing machine and i live outside the us. the app to utilize the smart functions is in the us app store only. i have tried a couple of things to add a second icloud account to my iphone but it isn't working so far. i was wondering if there was a way to get the app ipa and sideload it to my iphone with my jailbreak? does anyone know something like apkmirror but for iphones?
can someone help me, im stuck in a respring loop because of a faulty tweak and it'd be nice to enter substrate safe mode. checkrain iphone x
sorry i am the great ios sexurity exploit engineer so i know everything but can you remind me what a nvram is again (it's related to cydia right)
he wanted to play around with it because i got pissed off that i couldn't jailbreak it because ios 15
hey, would anyone know if theres the ability to have an untethered jailbreak on ios 14.2, or to update to 14.3 to use the fugu14 untethered jailbreak??
stayed on ios 13 for the longest time until i was sure i could futurerestore out of it. lifes easier when you can jailbreak
so does anyone here know how to jailbreak a gen 2 ipod touch with a windows pc because i've tried it and it just gets stuck at the white screen and the computer gives me an error screen
hey , im new here .i got an iphone 11 with 14.4 . i want to jb it with uncover or checkrain. which one should i use ?
i wish they would release a jailbreak before the otadelay expires for 15.1 but thats just seems impossible
i just want them to keep it signed so when u0 releases and on the off chance it supports 15.2b1 i wanted to use that version
idk for example my iphone (iphone se 2020) on ios 14.4.2 wont jailbreak anymore with altstore and fugo
since my iphone 6s plus has some weird issues i think i'm gonna buy an iphone 11 pro max, should i buy it now or wait until sideloadly fix their issue? (i can't use checkra1n since i have a ryzen cpu)...
sorry to hijack the convo, but is there like a guide on how to install altstore and retroarch in a non jb ipad pro 11(2nd gen) 14.4?
well, it seems like i can't use checkra1n at all since it does weird stuff to the device (when i plug it in to the computer, it reboots it and it gives me an error says usbmuxd error). is there another jailbreak for my iphone 6s plus 13.4.1?
does anyone know if it's possible to copy files from my mac to my ipad with fugu14 using the open tcp shell which it bundles?
already jailbroken my iphone ios 13.3.1 with unc0ver sideloadly. installed the carrierizer app. dont see it after install bij settings why not? can anyone help me please
installed and jailbroke with taurine on xr 14.2 but the sileo icon hasnt shown up, the taurine app still shows me as jailbroken
well, check1ran doesn't work for me (it stucks at setting up exploit...). is there another exploit for ios 13.4.1 iphone 6s plus?
i jailbroken a few months ago with alt store and uncover (iphone 7 ios 13.4.1) all right when i downloaded my phone and turned it back on it didn't work anymore i tried everything, alt store installs it for me check and then it does not open it, i also tried with sideloadly and uncover but it does not install it, i managed to install odyssey but the jailbreak does not do it anyway.  how can i do?
hmm thanks, my iphone is on 15.1 so currently unjailbreakable, ipad is tho. if i understand right i can update ipad to any version higher than what it is currently, and iphone when its jailbreakable right
im trying to jailbreak iphone 6s 13.3.1 with uncover. i download uncover file, sideloadly, open sideloadly, put uncover in, write my log in and everything but it stops when i press start and writes that unable to sign your apple id. any ideas?
hey how do you know if you bricked your iphone? im currently on 14.4.2 and no checkra1n doesnt work anymore neither does unc0ver
hey, i'm currently on ipados 14.7.1 on an ipad air 4 (a14). is there a jailbreak for my device right now, or is one in development?
so wait, it means that i can actually jailbreak the ipad pro 2020, as long as it's lower than  14.5.1
is there any way to get rid of being pinged for stuff like "ios ___ is no longer being signed" i only want to be pinged when certain jailbreaks come out, not when ios versions are being signed
i haven't installed any tweaks in a while, what might qualify as "heavy tweaks"?  this is on an iphone xr on 14.8, with unc0ver 8.02, btw.
its been 150 days since ios 15 was released, we are about to pass ios 12s days to jailbreak which was 158
im on ios 14.8 with an apple ipad pro 2017 but for some reason unc0ver doesn't work, any clue how i can jb?
yo iphone 12 ios 14.1 anything i should know before jailbreaking or do i just pick between unc0ver and taurine?
i know this discord hates talking about ios 15 jailbreak but is there any news or did that exploit lead anywhere
and if someone is stupid and recommends taurine+fugu14 please ignore them, can't believe people are starting to bring that up
i see that there is a jailbreak for iphones running 14.3 - 14.8, but is there an equivalent for ipads?
hi pizza no yes where hi yes no where there how hacks pizza microphone mouse gift stickers emojis yes ios 15 jailbreak undo yes how 2 doa due
im using checkra1n to jailbreak ios 14.6 with mac, can i do this with usb c to lightning cable for this?
my device is 15.3.1 i received a recommendation yesterday. they said do iphone13,2,iphone13,3_15.2_19c5026i_restore to wait a little less so that i can jailbreak my device. i also got my icloud backup. i installed this version on the device with itunes. after it is opened, he forces me to install a new version.
worse case if i can sideload and unjailbreak but device still isnt recognised then i can update to ios 15
he didn't say he wasn't doing it, but he could've done it a long time ago if he tried. he's just using fugu14 in it's current state
hey, does anyone know how to update unc0ver on 14.3 to fugu? would i just delete unc0ver and altstore then reinstall everything through altserver? do i need to restore rootfs or anything first? or is it easier than that?
have there been any exploits for ios 15 yet? anything that might indicate jailbreaking is possible in the future?
i believe so, but i am not entirely sure since i can't really think of another ios 14 exploit that was mentioned
in reference to your error code, you need to rootfs, however if your on unc0ver your entire install is broken until you completely nuke the phone to latest ios via a dfu restore
please help me :(. when my iphone xs max 14.4.2 shuts down, the jailbreak is deleted and i'm tired of searching for a computer. if i update and wait for the new jailbreak, when will it be released to the 15.3.1 version? does anyone have a wrist?
next time my phone restarts is it a problem if i switch from checkrain to uncover? or are there steps i need to do first for a smooth transition? iphone x ios13
hello, i need to jailbreak my ipad pro 1st gen (a9x) and i am using odysseyn1x because im on a usb but it only supports ios 14.5.1. are there any ways to get it working for ios 14.7.1?
imma just ask as i do every now and then to stay up to date, is there any news for jailbreaking my 13 mini on 15.1.1?
i have saved blobs for ios 14.7.1 for my iphone 7 running ios 15.1 and i have tried to use this guide someone posted here to downgrading the device but on my mac os high sierra machine and lubuntu 20.4 machine there were issues on mac os it was with fugu and something about swift i think? on lubuntu it was with the python2 ipwndfu. i have a mac os catalina machine i will try to use next do you think the issue is the mac os version? also i have xcode on the catalina mac if that makes any difference
oh actually do you know how to upgrade a specific version of ios cause on my jailbroken iphone7plus its on 14.3 and i want to get it the latest jailbreakable version..
i heard that ios 15.1 jailbreak might come out. is there a way to downgrade to ios 15.1? (iphone 7, ios 15.3)
you could either stay and wait for ios 15 jb then update when that comes out, or update to ios 15 now
hey do you think i should update my jb ipad? it's in ios 13.6 but can't support some new apps that need ios 14 or higher
is there any current method that will allow updating from ios 13 to ios 14 and jailbreaking untethered?
even though we should be expecting a ios 15 jailbreak soon but how soon would it take to expect with the a15 processor?
the jailbreak spreadsheet shows that an iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.4 works on unc0ver. but when i install, it shows unsupported. am i doing something wrong
does anybody mind helping me jailbreak my iphone 10? its on 15.3.1 and im having trouble downgrading it
if a jb exploit is released for a later ios 15 version do you think itll be compatible with ios 15.1
we can expect the cve-30955 to drop any day now? regarding 15.1 jailbreak exploit release this month right? was around 43 ish days or whatever was being said back at the end of december, beginning of january. from realbrightiup
fuck uncover dude. i used it on my iphone 11 on ios 14.6 and it bootlooped the phone and the only way i could fix it was to force update
is there going to be a jailbreak out for 14.5.1 anytime soon. i wanna be able to use touch id on my 8 plus
can jailbreak on iphone 6 fake ios version? i just need to install an app that require ios 13 or aove
i have an iphone 6, can jailbreak fake the ios version? i just need to install an app that require ios 13 or above
hello i have question, i think im shadowbanned on tinder, if i jailbreak my iphone and dl ipa tinder, that can resolve my problem ?
nobody knows, there isn't even a public exploit yet. it could be 15.3, 15.2, 15.1, 15.0, nobody knows
if that 15.1 exploit coming in a couple days comes out is it possible to update to 15.1 from 14.4.2? ive got blobs and everything, im just getting mixed signals on whether its possible or not with futurerestore
alright thanks, just another question so if any goes wrong with update such as unable to check for updates etc. my only way of fixing is this is by waiting for a jailbreak for 14.8.1 or updating to latest ios version right?
hey guys i installed checkra1n on my 14.7.1 iphone 7 yesterday, will i have any issues with appstore or apps not working ?
i don't like ios 12.5.5 anymore after jailbreaking it seems to be more frustrating than later versions of ios.
the thing is my phone still apparently has a jailbreak on it even though i dont have it, i cannot update my phone to a newer ios at all either
in the normal checkra1n a11 case you still have face id enrolled (just inaccessible to normal apps) so it has something to use but with the ios 15 sep you can't even enable it in the first place
ota downgrade from settings app has been patched since like ios 11, but with a bootrom exploit you can still do futurerestore magic with ota blobs
hello guys i would like to ask if i want to jailbreak iphone 6 12.5.5 with chimera should i sideload it?
when you jailbreak it renames the snapshot to orig-fs so ios can't find it and boots from the live filesystem when you reboot next time, and then it can be remounted read-write using an exploit
i have ios 15.3 .. should i update it to last release update ?!( if i want to jailbreak as soon as possible)
bro i wanna get fucked but first by a guy. real hrd but tell me how i jailbreak my iphone 11 pro max ios 15.2
i would actually cut off my left nut if it meant a jailbreak would be released for iphone 12 pro 14.6
i want to jailbreak my ipad 2 running ios 9.3.5 and when i try to install phoenix it just says unable to install phoenix at this time
i mean that's fine to be honest - they don't want to do shoddy fugu14 semi-untether (which wouldn't even practically work since the way u0 does it inherently relies on u0 being u0 and altstore being altstore), they cannot even get an exploit for up to 14.8 (on select devices), and 14.5.1 was so old that it raises the question whether or not the untether should be worked on at the highest of priorities
i have a i phone 12pro running ios 15.2 is it possible to jailbreak it or is there still no jailbreak out for ios 15?
but general jailbreak thing: i've got hacked ipados 14.4.2, but don't have any blobs for that thing and i have to bring my ipad to apple store for diagnostics. am i fucked?
i was also wondering would it be possible to install a beta version of ios 14 and jailbreak that or can you not downgrade to betas?
yo is it possible to upgrade my iphone 7 from 13.5.1 to 14.3 or 14.8.1? or am i stuck on 13 until 15 jailbreak comes out?
before i boot to checkra1n ,when iphone still plugged in pc theres nothing shown at all on my screen ...is this okay?
does anyone know if a 15.2 jailbreak is coming soon i only updated cause i wanted apple music lossless
hi guys, i am new to here. i want to try to jailbreak a friends used iphone 6. it has 12.5.5 ios version on it. can anyone link me to a proper guy that would help a newbie all the way through?
ok so i want to jailbreak my 12 pro as soon as i get it, should i go through the setup then downgrade it to 14.8 or can i just jb right away and stay on that version
hello im jailbroken ios 14.2 ip12 just in case if jb ios 15.1 release so can i update it into 15.1 right? i got blobs and after update it will not break anything? like faceid
um...hello! i'm extremely new to any form of jailbreaking and i was hoping someone here would kindly help me out? i'm running ios 14.4.2 on a ipod touch 7th gen...the only "jailbreaking" i've ever done would be homebrewing my old 3ds so i'm very much a n00b to all of this! ...would someone here be able to help me get a permanent jailbreak on my ipod so i can get the device to stop yelling at me that it has a update it wants to do? or completely disable the audio-nanny! or disable the other tracky things and add a proper adblocker? i don't really want to do anything too extreme and if at all possible i'd like to keep my device safe as i do care for my ipod and would be devastated to have it bricked....if anyone would kindly hep me with this i'd be very grateful
the jailbreak im making rn is for macos, but porting it to ios probably wouldnt be that hard, and i might try to do it when a kernel exploit is released
have any jailbreaks ever come out when an ios version was still signed? (minus hardware stuff like checkra1n)?
do you guys not remember he excitement around fugu14? about how it could potentially be used with checkra1n for a11- untether?
yes but 15.1 released 3 days prior to 15.2 beta 1. they wouldnt be able to receive the kernel exploit issue, patch, and release 3 days later. if they knew about it more than 3 days before ios 15.1, they would have pushed back 15.1 in order to patch.
you're actually taking 2 gambles on 15.2 betas, 1. we dont even know if the exploit will be useful or not so thats the first gamble, and 2 the exploit could have been patched in beta 1 and you get nothing, or the jailbreak just wont support betas
i dropped my phone the other day and its completely broken so im thinking of upgrading to an iphone 11. is there any way to downgrade it to ios 14.0-14.8 so i can jailbreak it like my current one was?
hey guys, i was gifted a ipod touch 7th gen today, it seems to be on 15.1, i know there isn't a jailbreak for 15 yet but i figure the smartest thing to do with it is just keep it there and not update and hope for one eventually?
can jailbreaking your phone start issues with changing your iphone name or not being able to connect to hotspot?
well ios 15 has far to many changes, not even checkra1n, the jb with the unpatchable exploit supports ios 15 yet
i mean to be fair you can do a lot of manhandling to bruteforce taurine on 14.4.2 using fugu14... but yeah u0+fugu14 is fine for 14.4.2
basically, you can't jailbreak your device yet. so you can't really get access to all those cool tweaks that allow you to mod anything about your ios (i.e change your lte icon)
can i jailbreak an ipad 8, ipad mini 5, ipad air 3, ipad pro 3 or ipad pro 4 on 14.6-14.8? they all have either a12, a12x or a12z.
because no future patches of ios 15 will ever be released with a possible bug to be exploited and the judgment of a guy with a roblox profile picture sets the fate of a jailbreak made by other people
that makes sense they find the exploit and get shmoney for reporting it and apple updates it in ios 15.whatever and 90 days after ios 15 released they can show it to the public
the team releasing the exploit found the vulnerability, reported it to apple, got the cash prize, created an exploit, apple patched it and released a new ios version, and now they are waiting 90 days to disclose everything
so they have to wait 90 days by law before showing the exploit to the public for every major ios update
im kinda curious, if the rootfs requirement was thrown out, how fast could i make an ios 15 jailbreak given a kernel exploit
hi i want to jailbreak my iphone and its on a jailbreakable firmware but every time i open unc0ver (the latest version) still shows "unsupported" i have the iphone 12 pro max.
so i try to search jailbreak ios 15.3 and i find alot of video, but you guys say it's not possible. can you guys explain why?
hello everyone i have an iphone 8 with an ecid what only shows up a blob with 15.3 i wanto to downgrade to 14.8 to jailbreak device so i can do some application testing. is there a way to downgrade at this point? the device is bought refurbished
guys, any site which tells the jailbreak status of different iphone models? like i wanna know the current status of jailbreak for a12 processors. does it have a jailbreak yet for ios 15?
cydia, the most popular jailbreak app in the app store, was recently updated to version 10.0.1, but some users are reporting that they're experiencing bootloop problems. the app was updated to fix an issue with the way in which it handles the way that jailbroken devices connect to the internet. however, some users are reporting that the bootloop problem has returned. bootloop is a problem with iphones and other devices that have been jailbroken, in which the phone becomes stuck in a cycle of restarting. it can be very frustrating, and often requires a phone be reset to fix.
you should tell somebody who comes here for roblox how to jailbreak their iphone then tell them to delete the root of the os
you can jailbreak an iphone 12 on ios 14.0 with uncover right? i'm just making sure before i purchase it
in the latest chimera version, both your tweaks and the jailbreak itself run on libhooker. can i use libhooker on ios 9.3.5-9.3.6?
i don't, i want to grab an old version jailbreak that bitch, download ipas and decyrpt them on a vm because my iphone can't be jailbroken
how long do you guys think it'll be before thares an ios 15 jb ? im debating between the iphone 12 instead of the 13 so i can jb right away
can someone i needed to restart  my iphone for something which made me lose my jb i tried jbing again usig taurine but  it said taurine is no longer available
the checkra1n team also isnt working on it since they're focused on ios 15 and havent shown any interest in it
so do you guys think any jb besides checkra1n will come out for 14.8.1 any time within the upcoming months?
hey guys i dont actively follow jbing but is there currently a jailbreak for ios 14.7.1 iphone 12 pro max
does anyone have any speculation whether or not an ios 15.2.1 jb is being looked at? havent been jailbroken since the release of ios15 and kinda missing it lol
can anyone help me with jailbreak? my phone is 6s and 14.7, i tried both unc0ver and taurine but both say unsupported
is there any chance of apple stopping checkra1n and checkm8 exploits completely in ios 16? as i see apple is trying to stop exploits with sep on ios 14 and sealed rootfs on 15
im sorry if this is a really commonly asked question. is there any way or any tweak to make unc0ver fugu14 fully untethered
oh, so futurerestore is pointless for non jb? so only way i can upgrade is the 15.3 and not the 15.2
hi im on ios 15.1 on an a13 iphone 11 is there or will there ever be a jailbreak for this device because ive been seeing alot of stuff about an ios 15.1 kernel vulnerability
is there anybody working on a jailbreak for a15 devices? i have seen some news about ios15 exploits being worked on but am unsure if that includes a15 or not.
are there any known exploits waiting to be released in ios 15.2.1 ?  is it a good candidate for a future jb?
hi i want to jailbreak my iphone 5s with ios 12.5.5 . i tried to jailbreak my iphone with chimera and unc0ver but they dont work what should i do??
hi, sorry if this gets asked alot but im on iphone 12 pro, ios 14.8 no jailbreak out for my device so far, going forward can i expect a 14.8 jailbreak? or shoudl i update to ios 15?
hi guys i have a problem with ios. i want to jailbreak my os but i want to future restore first can you help me and give me a solution?
hello, quick question: my altserver on ipad pro 2nd gen running 13.5 is not refreshing any longer and u0 is not working either, any other way i can side load it to jb again?
hey question i've tried to get an answer with google and got mixed results is a 15.2 jailbreak out yet or do i gotta wait
iphone 7 running ios 15.3: keychain successfully extracted, with help of  checkm8 exploit, full file system acquisition is also possible.
so the m1 ipad pro has a peak full screen brightness of 1000nits, but only on hdr. sdr it's limited to 600 nits, when a jailbreak for ios 15 comes out could a tweak be made to allow 1000nits always?
hello good morning all, can someone please tell me how can i restore my ipad to same ios, the ios is 14.4 jailbroken, i dont want to update it to 15.5 and loose jailbreak please help me
how long you guys think my a13 bionic ipad 9 on the original pre-release ios 15.0 will take to have a jailbreak
what ios version was it when apple reintroduced a former vuln so we could all happily jailbreak the latest version?
now i'm on chekra1n with ios 14.8 on iphone x, but if i download unc0ver it tells me it doesn't support it. how come?
last night i rejailbroke using unc0ver and had to reboot but now im in a boot loop, upgrading ios hasnt helped is there any other solutions other than restore?
yo guys im trying to jailbreak my iphone 11 and sadly its up to date so im trying to downgrade it to ios 14.8 i have the ipsw i tried to download it with myifone fixppo but i needed a subscription does anyone know how can i downgrade
is there a jailbreak for ipad 1st gen running ios 5.1.1? i find it better to ask here and not search online because i dont trust most tutorials online lmao
a few days ago i made a video about my favorite ios 12 jailbreak tweaks and some dude was like "people please don't do this" he was telling people not to jaibreak their stuff, same dumbass couldnt take a joke on another video about an ipod touch 5g and was like "how is this a flex its a $200 phone cheap ass"
i have an ios 12.4 something on my ipad mini and when i try to jailbreak it using checkrain it gets stuck on right before trigger, i searched it up and saw that all i have to do is unplug it wait for the failed dfu and plug it back in, but when i unplug it it doesnt show anything and when i plug it back in it just starts over (running checkrain on virtualbox)
so in full conclusion , with a ios 14.6(prob pattern-f) exploit- fugu14 could also support14.6 right ?
is it possible to get to pongoos shell on an iphone running ios 15 ? to clarify i dont need to jailbreak i just need the pongo shell.
so i want to jailbreak a 6th gen ipod touch, but my apple id is connected to my phone. does jailbreaking the ipod create any risk to my account or my iphone?
should i update my uncover from 7.0.2 to 8.0.2 to my knowledge the only changes are for adding support for 14.6- 14.8 for a12 is it possible it could fix my dameon crashing issue or no
hi, can anyone send me list of repos? and tell me useful tweaks for new jb? iphone 12 pro max jb with fugu14.
i have an xr on 14.7.1, heard uncover supports it, regular stuff with alt store or anything else i should be worried abt while jailbreaking
15.1 vuln was released. we basically have less than 2 months for confirmed jailbreak. ppl just say less than 30 and that seems a bit fast
i was the sick of ios 14 so i updated why do you think ios 15.3 is bad is there a jailbreak could be found at 15.2.1?
isnt u0 technically already can do ios 15.0 and 15.0.1 jailbreak they just have to get past rootfs seal?
the upcoming 15.1 jailbreak is very likely going to be rootless, and im curious as to what makes a tweak not work on rootless jb. like is there any way to know before installing the tweak and finding out afterwards
i honestly considered trading in my 7 for an x at one point, glad i didnt bc theres complications to owning anything over an iphone 7 and using checkra1n
checkra1n could jailbreak the latest ios versions as soon as they dropped. once they fix the mount for ios 15 itll be the same there as  well
so i just got a m1 ipad pro, am aware no jb in ios 15 yet. just going to not update, but i wanted to know if the m1 chip would hamper a jailbreak if an ios 15 one gets done?
does anyone think its worth updating my iphone 12 pro max from 14.4 to 15.1 in hopes of a jailbreak for it?
i feel like ios;'s simplification is good for non techy users because it keeps it running well and easy for them, however it locks up customization and modifications, however the jailbreaking community solves that their own way
does anyone know why im getting a kernal error on uncover i have tried rebooting, reinstalling, etc. i am on ios12.4
installer was the first ever package manager for a jailbreak, which was used in an iphone os 1.0 jailbreak, but it's since been updated to include a modern design and is also notably faster on its latest release, so should i use it if i want a modern package manager (32-bit) or i don't like sileo but still want a modern design (64-bit)?
do you know when a jailbreak for ios 15.2 will be released? i've been interested in it recently but i only find english tutorials on youtube so it's complicated for me to understand everything
is cve-2022-22593 anything interesting? it's under the kernel section in the 15.3 bug fixes but idk much about which exploits can be used and which ones are useless
a mate from me got a strange bug on 14.7.1 (non-jb). he tries to update whatsapp over the appstore but get a message: "the apple media services terms of service have changed" (mediaservice). he need to accept the new one but after clicking on "ok" he only see a empty popup. he doesnt want to update his ios to fix this. any idea how to accept those new mediaservice terms?
but honestly at this point i barely care about a 14.4-14.8.1 jb anymore considering ios 15 sep breaks face id on a11+
all but one of fugu14's exploits(initial sideload) should work on arm64 with some adjustments but i don't think it's worth the effort to anyone
if you didn't update to ios 15 on your ipad mini 4 or later, you can install ios 14.8.1 and use checkra1n. should you just use it the way it is or install odysseyra1n?
an unexpected unc0ver update for 14.6-14.8 on a12-a13 iphones got released, when there was no exploit released to the public. pwn probably gained access to a private exploit though.
just curious, is there any like jailbreak tweak where i can use my phones speakers and turn it into a bluetooth speaker or something, or is that not possible, i just want a way to turn my jailbroken iphone into a speaker because my earpods broke and the ipod touch speaker is so bad
is it possible to install apps  you dont own on an apple id with newer ios jailbreaks, or only older versions of apps you have?
because there aren't any publically known vulnerabilities for 15.1, nor publicly known exploits, nor publicly known jailbreaks
can someone help me im trying to jailbreak my ipad with checkrain and im getting error -31 any suggestions on why?
does fugu14 allow the device to load with all tweaks loaded and working without any user interaction?
i want an honest opinion here, what do you guys think will release first, u0 for ios 15 or taurine15 (or whatever cs decides to call it)
hey my iphone 12 version 14.4.2 i have a jailbreak i can change it to 14.8?       14.4.2 good or 14.8
just got an iphone 11, no jailbreak potential here on 15.2.1 unfortunately. ill see you when i can jailbreak. bye lads
hi i have iphone 7 plus. when i was on ios 12xxx i jb it with unc0ver then i had to update the fw without removing jb. then i jb with checkra1n on ios 14xxx now i'm on 14.4.1 and not jailbroken but some apps say i'm jailbroken and they suddenly crash. how can i get rid of this? when i was on checkra1n i tried to rootfs but i couldn't. i think i have remains from unc0ver
hey guys ios 13.5 here on iphone 7 plus.  so i woke up one morning with my iphone dead.  usually i would just connect my iphone to my pc and use altstore.  altstore didn't work so i found odyssey.  i ran the install once and it paused half way and asked me to restore rootfs.  at that point i aborted and found a sideload tool called sideloadly in which i sideloaded unc0ver.  everything worked fine, my tweaks were still there, but there is one tweak which is not working anymore, the bank jailbreak anti-detect.  what could have odyssey done that is conflicting?
hello. ios 13.3 i ve been jailbroken since five minutes ago when i had to hard reset my phone. uncover is still veryfied in settings. but i can t open it. any suggestions?
so im on 13.5 and im getting sick of "ios 14 required" anyway i can upgrade to a ios 14 version that i can jailbreak
i'm a bit confused. i updated to my se 1st gen to 14.8.1 and it showed on the excel sheet that checkra1n supports it. but when i launch checkra1n it says it only supports up to 14.5; am i using the wrong checkra1n?
i have an ipad pro 9.7 inch and i'm trying to jb on ios 14.4. im using checkra1n and im wondering if theres any possible way to do it on windows
ok so i rebooted my pc with my iphone plugged in and now checkra1n will recognize it, then a while later idk what i did but it can enter dfu mode now, and it entetered safe mode as i expected, i uninstalled a tweak i don't use and yep that seems to have fixed it
guys i want to buy an apple watch 7 but i have ios 14 because of my jb. requirement for watch 7 is ios 15. is there some kind of twweak i can do to setup and use a watch 7?
i wish my ipad could update to newer ios versions, i'd be able to get so much more from my jailbreak
but if there comes jailbreak files on the iphone 11 can i get rid of them (even tho its not gonna happend just want to make sure that there is no risk of me doing it)
so i wanna transfer my icloud from my iphone x that is jailbroken to an iphone 11 but some people earlier told me that there are some jailbreak files on the icloud account but there are some on the phone it self so i was wondering can if i can make a new icloud account so i have one that i can transfer to the iphone 11 when that arrives
hi, i'm desparately trying to get my iphone 6s updated from ios 13.3.1 to 14.8 or 14.8.1 using checkra1n. i've been trying for like 6 hours now. is anyone available to help?
idevicecentral released a video saying that a kernel exploit for 15.0-15.1 was released, expect a flood of whitenames in 5-15 minutes
hey , i'm on ios 15.2.1 and i want to restore to ios 14.5 for jailbreak , if you can help me go dm me
hi everyone! i hope yall are having a good day ^^ i have a question: im trying to do the blobless update on my iphone 6s (12.3.1) to 14.8 but i keep getting the 14.8.1 version, is there any risk in updating to that version instead of 14.8? (because there is a jailbreak for my device in that version, so ill be good either way)
like if the jailbreak fails then that means i'll have to go onto itunes and upgrade to ios 15.x. how can i keep on ios 14.7.1 even if it fails?
i am about to jailbreak my iphone using checkra1n and since all data will be lossed and i would not be able to revert if the jailbreak fails, how can i restore to ios 14.7.1?
can someone help me with jail breaking? i tried jail breaking my ios 14.4.1 iphone x with checkra1n and it says that it is unsupported when i try to download cydia? any solutions? i did it through altstore.
i have a windows 10 pc and i am wanting to jailbreak my iphone 14.7.1, how can i do this on my windows pc?
hi i know literally nothing about jailbreak but is it possible to jailbreak an iphone xr on ios 15.2.1
anyone know a good tweak to make respring-ing easy (besides like editing an installed more or reinstalling something on cydia) (ios 14.8 iphone 7 checkra1n)
well which way can i transfer it so i keep my old os? i wana buy an iphone 12 but ofc i want jailbreak still
hello guys.. just wanna ask.. can i still update to 14.8.. using delayed ota.. but i got 14.8.1(not update yet) i'm using iphone xr currently on 13.5 jailbroken using unc0ver 7.0.2
hi. i have an iphone 8 and i recently downloaded unc0ver hoping that i'd get to jailbreak my iphone, but it says "not supported", i think this is because my phone does not have an a12 chip. the version of it is ios 14.7.1 and i want to jailbreak so i can customize it. is there a jailbreak available for phones that don't have a12 chips available?
thanks so much. whilst you're here haha. are there any tweaks to stop cydia crashing (uncover) 14.7.1 - 11pro
hey i jb my 10 and its ios 13.6 it was done w checkrain can i switch to taturine or any app jb instead of pc
i'm sure this is asked often, but i just need a straight answer. can i jailbreak my iphone 11 pro on 14.7.1?
anyone else unable to set bootnonce with uncover v8? i am on ios 14.8 and have libkrw installed it worked before but not anymore
is it possible for an ios app to block the device-id (and send it to the server) after a jailbreak is detected? what this would mean is that the app will only grant you access again if you restore your iphone and get a new identifier.
so i'd have to wait for how long? until the ios 15 jb release or until there's a fix on how to jb iphone 13
i like how ios 15 jailbreaks are out just the people who discover it are security workers so we never get the jailbreak publicly
i have a question, lets say ios 15 receives a jailbreak, but ios 16 is released or whatever. is it even possible for a device to update from ios 14 to ios 15 in that scenario without updating to ios 16?
the exploit would technically work on ios 15-15.0.1 but ios 15 seals the root file system and refuses to boot if it's modified so jailbreak devs have to change how the jailbreak works in order to not brick devices
hey. im reading up on the whole 14.8 update profile using dallas if the original doesnt work. i use taurine on 14.3 on iphone 11 and its very smooth and for myself i thought it gave better battery life than uncover back when i used it on 13.5. ive read once that 14.8 gives better battery life, is this true? thats my main reason wanting to update and from 14.3. if i gotta deal with using uncover in the mean time ill do it till theres an update. just wanna know if anyone else can confirm battery life on 14.8
i have an ipod touch 7th gen with ios 13.3. how do i do an untethered jailbreak? or should i update to a later ios version that allows this?
need help, trying to jailbreak ios 14.4.2 iphone xr unc0ver says unsupported any advice or tips i can use for it to work?
i recently updated my iphone 7 plus to ios 14.8 but on unc0ver it is showing unsupported? can anyone help!!
hi is there anything i can do to prevent reboot as soon as i start playing a game?    (12pm 14.4.2 unc0ver fugu)
basically i downgraded my shitty ipad mini 1 to 8.4.1 i wanted to make it an ereader but it was so laggy.the jb for 9.3.5 was easy but can i jb 8.4.1 without a computer?
im referring to the exploit for 14.8 that is referenced in the chart in the announcements for a12z devices (i have an ipad with that chip). the jb chart currently just shows that compatibility of unc0ver for it is only until 14.3. or is the chart not updated?
hi im on ios 13 and i lost my jailbreak. can i just get oddesy again with altserver and everything will be fine?
hey everyone , i want to jailbreak my ipad with checkra1n but my ipad are on the lasted ios 15 version , is not risky ?
bro i want to delete everything but keep jailbroken but as i said there is loots of file about jailbreak at my ipad
how i can delete my all jailbreak files i tried resetin my ipad but when i jb my repos and other things still there
can anyone help me? i have an ipad pro 3rd generation 12.9 . the firmware is 13.5. if i understand correctly, the firmware 14.8 is not jailbreakable on the ipad. what do you guys think, should i stay on 13.5 or does it make sense to upgrade to 14.8 and wait for a jailbreak?
ok. didn't know i could bootloop from it though lol. just upgraded to iphone 8 plus so i'll be waiting for a jailbreak (as i'm on 15.2).
could i have a friend that has a jailbroken xr 14.7 to a blob or whatever it called then send it to me then i jailbreak my phone
can anyone help? im on ios 15.2 no prev blobs but this version is ios 15.2 jb coming soon? im on iphone 11 pro max
is there a jailbreak with which i could theoretically, just generally speaking, jailbreak an iphone with a phone usb stick?
i can't tell with you cause you joke to stupid things when you shouldn't like when the asked is there an ios 15 jb and you answered yes causing confusion to the guy who asked
would it be possible to downgrade the iphone to an unsign version so that you can install uncover? because it's annoying to rejailbrakem every time after reboot
hi i have a apple ipad n i wanna jailbreak it because it's on 9.5.3 and i can't download stuff, i've modded other stuff like consoles so i ain't completly new to trying this stuff but idk if i can even jailbreak it tbh
hello everyone, i would like to know if it is possible to jailbreak an iphone 11 in version 14.8.1?  thank you for your reply
hi my i jailbreaked my iphone and got some tweaks but then unjailbreaked cuz it was slow, my iphone is still slower than it was before what can i do?
anyone know about the state of jailbreaking ios 15? any developments with for example with checkra1n? or other tools?
i mean with 15 jb thats because no one has a) publicly released a set of exploits that can be used to make a jailbreak and b) used those exploits to make a jailbreak
i have an 11 pro max on 13.5 and trying to get on ios 14. has anyone had success using the delayed ota method going from 13.5 to 14.8? i tried ota but had issues. i also have blobs for 14.4, 14.4.2, 14.7.1, 14.8 but i'd like to keep faceid... am i just stuck on 13.5 until ios 15 jailbreak?
i need a bit of help with the uncover jb. im trying to do it on a iphone 12 pro max on ios14.4.2 and im doing it on the altstore and i untethered it and did all the steps and rebooted it but when i try to install uncover it says " the peration couldn't be completed. could not find altserver.
just to be sure, there isnt any way to jailbreak iphone 11 right? im running 15.1, so im unable to downgrade to 14.8
i remember kids on twitter saying that pwnmy was guaranteed to be released with webkit exploit on 14.6
is there any good place to sell on a jb iphone? i've decided to go back to android and don't wanna keep my 12pm
i guess it's just ios at the end of the day, they should all work with any jailbreak assuming it has dependencies
im sorry everyone most definitely a stupid question but is iphone 12 supported by any jailbreak on ios 15.1
can you jailbreak an iphone x using checkra1n on any version or do you need to wait for them to make an update
how come when i plug my phone into the computer checkra1n says this device is not supported????? i'm on an iphone 15s+ pro max
basically someone is asking if apple is a good pick, i said "a bit overpriced tbh but not a terrible pick for day to day use + jailbreak it nice" and this person went on a copium high related to it about how androids get so many security updates and iphones are easy to hack
can i transfer my icloud data to my new iphone 11 pro without deleting the jailbreak or will the jailbreak files get over on the 11 pro and break it?
well i meant like if i wanted a good and stable jb on a decently running ios device kinda just objectively the best combination of things like how good the jailbreak itself is and how good the version of ios is
the time developers need to create a 15.x jailbreak should be enough to create an actual 15.x version of ios with build in exploit for any future jailbreak
look ok servers can go down, stuff can get revoked, things can stop working, i want a jailbreak that once it's on the ios device, it never goes away. ever.
ok what's an actual version of ios that's really good for jailbreak? for example if i wanted to play an app that doesn't exist anymore, and i wanted it to stay on the device forever with no reinstalls, what do i get
ok i want untethered is what i want. idc if its ios 5 or something which ios version can have fully untethered jailbreak (other than install ig)
out of curiosity, why doesnt unc0ver have a jailbreak for a11 chip? is it cause they couldnt find anyway to exploit it?
i don't have access to a working usb stick at the moment, is there any way i could still jailbreak my 6s? it's stuck on 14.2.
hello. can someone send me a legit vid of jbing ipad, ios 14.6 (without pc, bcs, its such a drag) ive a pc (and a laptop, too.)
yo i've done all the research i could and found nothing, can i jb my ipad air 4th gen running 14.6?? uncover is unsupported
when an ios 15 jailbreak comes out i want to challenge myself by making a discord rich preference tweek
muchachos two qs: 1. have an iphone 8 on 12.4 can i go to 14.8 using dhinakg's method? 2. can i jailbreak with unc0ver if i get to 14.8 or checkra1n is the only option? muchas gracias
so if someone is using a a12 or higher device they can jb on 14.7.1 and have sep features or is that impossible
hey, i am looking on youtube and i see some videos that show how to install 15.1  jailbreak with underc0ver.
hello, i have an ipad 8th gen with 14.6 version. from all of the megathreads i see that it can not be jailbroken but in unc0ver's page i read that jailbreak works till 14.8. anyone know if my ipad can be jailbroken?
i'm at ios 13.5 jailbreaked but i can't update to 14.8. always update ios 15.0.2. can someone help me?
got it, when there is a new announcement on how to jailbreak 15.1, do they provide where to download the jailbreak and stuff?
can someone help me i tried to jailbreak my ipad pro 9,7 inch 14.4.2 and it says error code 20 but when i try to jailbreak my iphone 6 the app is not saying error code 20(im using chechkra1n)
a video of newterm2 opening, sileo (**not sileo demo**) opening, **showing ios 14.4**, **on ipad11,6** (a12 chip, checkra1n out of the question)
i have an iphone 8 with ios 15.1 i noticed fast battery drain which is probably a known problem on ios 15.1.i am waiting for checkra1n support on ios 15. can i update iphone 8 to ios 15.2? checkra1n group planning ios 15.2 support?
my ipad on 14.7.1 can open hsbc without any tweaks and just get a jailbreak screen but on 14.8 unc0ver it will crash no matter what version or tweak.... i's weird
which reminds me. has anybody found a way to bypass hsbc or citibank on 14.8? i've tried every jb bypass on the market but i didn't want to play around with the extra settings on a-bypass since it says it could mess shit up
i haven't been able to keep myself updated within the jailbreak realm due to irl issues. so could someone inform me as to why an a14 jailbreak isn't available for 14.6 yet. i literally just found out unc0ver updated their jailbreak to those ios14 firmware but i'd like to know why a14 isn't supported. thank you
the only way ios 13 users that are looking to upgrade can be saved is if they finally make a ios 15.0.2 jailbreak
bruh i thought you could jailbreak 15.0.2, hence thats what i thought when the dude said that i can update to 15.0.2 before january, cus im thinking that means theres a jailbreak for it or theres gonna be one for it
there should be a contest where u get 1 year free nitro if u find a 15.x exploit that can be used for a jailbreak
is there any good jb for ios 15.1.1 iphone 13 pro out that doesnt use a kernel exploit that will slow down the phone?
this is somewhat related to jailbreaking. but does anyone know how to bypass xs activation on older os? i think possibly ios 13 or at most 14.0
i've used the method on this discord and can only update to v14.8.1. i know you cannot jailbreak however pwn with any luck might update unc0ver with ipad support.
sorry for popping out and requesting a help, i'm on iphone 11 pro max, 14.3 and unc0ver 6.1.0 and my cr4shed shows " the process was terminated for exceeding jetsam memory limits" on multiple aspect and randomly rebooting my iphone. any solution for this?
i want to get my ios 15.2 device jailbroken with the less effort and simplest way possible. whats my advice? im crazy, its an iphone 11 pro max and im looking at simple ways to get it jailbroken and i know you have to download jailbreaker files and you have to have a specific version and only certain versions can be jailbroken not every version can be jailbroken and not all the versions can be jailbroken no newer version can be jailbroken only older versions can be jailbroken what i do sir. ?   whats my advices? phone is 6 months and a few more days old brand new
hey guys, im on ios 13.5 jailbroken with unc0ver. im trying to update to 14.8 using the blobless method. ive followed the guide to a t multiple times, and no matter what i try i get the unable to check for update error. i installed ota enabler, edited the profile again, made sure the setting was ticked off in uncover and still the same thing. can anyone help?
is there a jailbreak for iphone7+ on 14.8? the google spreadsheet says checkra1n but its telling me my device is unsupported
ios devices can only be half jailbroken never fully all existing jailbreaks based on chain exploit chain
hey yall, if i was looking to purchase an iphone 12 (any model) what would be the best or latest firmware to look for that i can jailbreak? im a fucking noob sorry i hate it too
why all the push to update to 14.8? i know unc0ver's compatible now but is there like a killer feature or an upcoming jailbreak for 14.8?
ora1n is a really stable jailbreak you can use for ios 12, you can jailbreak with that first and then use chimera like normal
ok i want to update to ios 14.8 and i want to jailbreak with unc0ver (fugu14) what would i need to do?
hey question is it possible to downgrade from 15.1 back to what my ipod touch had before or do i gotta wait for jailbreaks to update to 15.1
cause it stems from a bootrom exploit. i can actually use different bootstraps and make rootfs snapshots on ios 14 lol
hm i could but i kinda wanna use a newer ios, whats the latest ver uncover supports? and how would i be able to check compatibility?
any way to update from 14.4 to 14.8? already jailbroken with uncover+fugu ip xs max i have all the blobs
tbh i'm loving my phone on 13.3, jb is rock solid, tweaks working good, no apps that i use require ios 14 yet
anyone have issues with wifi and bluetooth turning on and off when updating to 14.8 on iphone 11, jb with u0
i know this might not be fully jailbreak related but i installed ubuntu to use checkra1n but now my c drive is full when i check in windows, is there anyway to move the entire ubuntu os to another partition? the files are only 155mb which is def not how much the system is using as space on my pc
yeah but people will very likely restore (to the latest ios btw) thinking that'll fix it, when they actually restored to a version without a jailbreak available, so they can't really do anything
sileo works with uncover now right? i used zebra during ios 13 but am considering using sileo now if i can
not that there's time to test but is there a more stable jb for the a12 on 14.3? even background processes and up hanging after 2-3 days
14.3 is probably the best jb version you can be on right now if you're not a12-a13 and don't care about airtags, you should probably stay there until an ios 15 jb or something
checkra1n still lets me jailbreak even though im on ios 15.1, but it gives me a warning. should i do it anyways?
is there any advantage of going to 14.8 (my device is an a13)? i'm at 14.3 with taurine and everything is flowing well. is u0 better or more stable on 14.8? i'm asking because once i go forward, there's no going back.
i have an iphone 12 on 14.7.1, is there any reason that i should update my phone to 14.8? or should i just continue riding it out on 14.7.1 until a jailbreak comes along for iphone 12s
god do you remember when that guy went around jail breaking apple store iphones back when the whole process could be done on jailbreak.me?
also how do ppl backup their phone to itunes with a jailbreak? ik ur not suppose to do that bc myself did and when i restored to a new iphone.. my find my iphone broke ???
excuse me i have a clarification question if anyone can help. if i updated to ios 14.8 on my ipad pro 12.9 2017, would i still be able to jailbreak using uncover?
how much would y'all be willing to pay for a red iphone 11, 128gb, on 14.3 jailbroken with fugu, and with 14.6 to 15.2 blobs?
i'm on iphone 11 14.3 haven't been paying attention to jb at all, don't care about untether, can i update to 14.8 and keep my jailbreakability
hiyo! so my iphone 8 is on ios version 14.8.1 and that means i am unable to use unc0ver is there a way to go back to 14.8.0??
this sheet updates as soon as a jailbreak is released but there isnt going to be any jailbreaksfor the 13 for a while,stay on 15.1.1 and wait for a jailbreak to appear in the future
any reason why i should stay on 14.2 with taurine instead of upgrading to 14.8 using unc0ver on my iphone 11 pro max?
you will have to jailbreak anyway to downgrade so unless you dont want ios 15 features you have no reason to downgrade
what you all think about the exploit being released in 60 days for ios 15.1 do you think it will happen?
i tried holding out for somewhere to have unc0ver signed since i have no pc. i want to use my new watch so update to ios 15 it is lol win lose situation
hey um am gonna sound really dumb rn but am using checkra1n right now on iphone 7 plus 14.7.1 and i was wondering if i could use uncover instead am guessing not tho since it all supports a12 and 13 devices or something
can someone please point me in the right direction if there is a way to go from 13.5 to the newest ios without losing a jailbreak on xs max?
u say u wrote the ios cfw guide like ur proud of it, when u shouldn't be. all u did was tell people how to sideload an app and click a button, or how to download checkra1n and follow instructions. you know nothing.
im on ios 13.5 jailbreak (someone did it for me) and i want to upgrade to 14.8 and re-jailbreak. i learned all of that in the last 24 hours.
is there gonna to be jailbreak for ios 15? bc i want to jailbreak my phone, but im guessing it is hard to downgrade ios version
im asking cuz i gor an 11 hand me down cuz my brother got a new phone but he updated it before he gave it to me, i have an 8 with 14.8 on it jailbroken with checkrain, is there anyway to retore a backup with an earlier versiom
my iphone is stuck on the apple logo after i hit jailbreak in odyssey app this morning. im at 13.5 and have had my iphone jailbroken for a while. what should i do. im wondering if there is any way to fix without needing to restore and update iphone.
damn that sucks, i'm assuming blank icons have the same problems as they do in non jb ios, or can you do fully transparent with some tweak?
anyone elses ios 14.8 u0 8.0.2 not being able to be rejailbroken after it was signed with reprovision?
there was a small exploit for arm64e for ios 14.3 - 14.5.1 that could be used for a full untether but unfortunately it came out too late and nobody is interested in utilizing it properly anymore
anyone know how to fix imessage not working on 14.8 jailbreak even after ldrestart? ldrestart only fixes it sometimes
so can anyone help me jailbreak my apple tv 3g using blackb0x? my 2016 macbook wont detect my apple tv when its connected
i'm trying to get one with 14.8, with what will it be jailbreaked? is there a tutorial, a website or something?
hello, there is someone claiming to jailbreak ios 15, can it be true? he said he developed it independently and there are 4 people in his team, if you don't mind, i would like to share his twitter name with you.
i am the best known jailbreaking dev. i studied reverse engineering for 2 years. dedicated 5 years to ios. and finally can say i was just cappin
currently on 14.3 iphone 11 pro max and using unc0ver. is there any huge difference if i upgrade my device to 14.8 or ill just stay to 14.3. what can you advise
i want to update my iphone to at least 14.5 i am on 14.4.1 iphone 12 pro max  with fugu14 is there anyway to update? with out losing my jailbreak?
there is an exploit which would allow, waiting for it to be released though. that exploint works from 15-15.1, no exploit for 15.2 as of yet
hello. i warn you right away that my english is poor. i have an iphone 6 ios 12.5.5 it is jailbroken, but when i restart the phone it does not work cydia, unc0ver does not detect jb and i have to re-jailbreak. anyone have a way for this?
hi guys. so, i'm considering in jailbreaking my iphone 11. i wanted to have some of you guys' opinions and advantages of jailbreaking. and also, do i lose any data ( currently on 15.1 ) and if i do, what's the best software to backup my data. and, is it safe to still have private data on my phone ? credit cards, accounts and photos
hi guys, 14.2 jb using uncover, some tweaks installed but not visible. re-install is the same too. any advise?
anyone have an idea when 14.8.1 will be available for unc0ver or if it is available for any other jb methods
you can use the 15.1 blobs, but if you have an a12-a13 device you can keep the jailbreak by using delayota to go to 14.8
too bad you can't use them because there's no jailbreak on 14.8.1 for you + you'd break face id and rootfs snapshots if you did
iphone 11 pro, ios 14.3, (bootlooping), i have blobs from 14.5 through 15.3 excluding 14.8, whats my next step if i want to keep a jailbreak
woke up and had a brainfart .. thought unc0ver 8 was compatible with my device. i read a12 and thought iphone 12 ... upgraded to 14.8 via ota. anyway i can drop down to 14.3-14.5.1?
my mum was the exact same with my ipod 4 and iphone 5c. the 5c i still have so could probably jb, but the ipod 4 dissapeared ages ago. thankfully now at 20 and having brought my 13 pro - i now just have to wait patiently
nope, i think the exploit for 14.8 on a12 and bellow on unc0ver *should* work on 15.0-15.0.1 as far as i have been able to read in the patches, however i think the change for rootfs access and the way ios is now sandboxed stops the exploit working properly. and this is definitely not supported on unc0ver
does anyone know how to fix the carplay not working while in the jailbroken state? i am on ios 14.8, iphone 11, and running unc0ver 8.0.2
afaik the only person to have publicly spoke is that guy who says it will be released in about 45 days from now. however there are definitely several other kernal level exploits that were patched in ios 15.2, so i guess technically any of them *could* produce a jb. but it does seem like we are looking for that one guys exploit to be released for a jb
its mainly because im on new uncover jailbreak for iphone 11 ios 14.7. so some tweaks are not verified yet
why? maybe ios 15.5 will appear before u0 will support a11 on 14.8 and 15.5 sep won't be compatible - is that even possible?
i am trying to ota delay to 14.8. and it's saying that no updates could be found. can it be cuz u0 blocks those updates?
so theoretically when it comes out for 15.1 i can get any checkra1n sub-jailbreak and it is suggested to get odyssey?
hi, i am new to jailbreaking.  are there any websites that i can visit to detect if my iphone model plus version is jailbreakable? thx
hey guys can i get an eta on ios 15 jailbreak also how do i tweak snapchat also how do i install paid apps for free
i can only imagine the nightmare that is unc0ver's codebase considering it spans 4 different major ios versions
hi, i tried using checkra1n on an iphone 8 plus with 14.6 and it got stuck on "checking if device is ready," any ideas?
whenever the potential ios 15 jailbreak drops. read a bunch of times you can't go directly from low ios 14 versions to 15
is there any exploit know to work on 14.6 onwards for a14 + devices? ( not jailbreak but can be achieved)
but if someone put you in a jailbreak blacksite and said "pick a package manager and install it on this iphone in front of you right now" and that was all you could do and you couldn't escape... what would you pick
im using unc0ver on ios 14.3, would it be possible for me to do a delay ota upgrade to 14.8 and use ota onboard blobs to downgrade back to 14.3?
hey guys my ipad air 2 having issue opening cydia i restart even reinstall checkra1n still instant crash when opening cydia any idea how fix it?
it could work though, there was a guy that posted who was working on the jailbreak that he jailbroke a iphone 11 pro with 15.1
i need to use alt store or i can use another way like installing unc0ver from a website (ios 14.8 iphone xr)
so i see theres a new jailbreak video out and i checked my phone and its on ios 14.6 but the video says 14.8 and apple is making me update to 15 so can i still jailbreak or is there away to update it to 14.8 with out going through apple
that app thing isn't a new issue, but it should happen less often considering that people aren't using fugu14 anympre
wondering if anyone can help me, i have an ipad pro 10.5 inch jail broken on 13.5.1 with checkra1n, is it possible to update to 14.3?
can someone help? i am on 14.5.1 with u0 fugu14 on iphone 12 mini and my phone sometimes randomly resprings
same phone same ios took me a few tries and reboots of the phone. you could also use unc0ver or checkra1n if chimera wont work
anyone able to help? i'm on ios 12.5.5 with iphone 6, just followed all the steps to install chimera and now it says "your device could not be jailbroken because the exploit failed" i've been trying ages to jailbreak this phone, so any help is appreciated
hello guys , do you know when the jailbreak will be released on the ipad about 2021 with the version of ios 14.6?
in theory it's possible to find an untethered exploit for every version of ios that has ever existed
? if you need a straightforward answer, let me summarise it: no you cannot jailbreak your device on ios 15 and you cannot downgrade to ios 14
i am on ios 14.4 (a13), and i am using u0 v7.0.1 right now. should i update it to the latest version? (v8.0.2)? is there any advantage of doing this?
hello there guys. i hope you all are doing well. i  have question, how long it's going to take until 15.2  get jailbreak ? thanks alot ;d
i told friend maybe go for ipad air 4 which is a14 chip but not sure how long will take for jb to come for it as it could be 15.1 or something out of the box.
that what i thought just wasnt sure if ( m1 ) chip was not possible for jb as i know a14 can be used atm upto 14.8
i have been on 13.5 on my iphone 8+ since it was able to be jb on checkra1n day 1 so i wanna know if i can hop onto it
i can just probably take a screenshot of unc0ver and add a ios 15 statusbar and so many people will believe it
ok thanks, is it possible to go from 15.1 to 15.0, if a jailbreak comes out for that? or do i also need blobs from that version as well
im wanting to jailbreak my xr on 14.6 but i want to find a way to download an alt store without a computer. can anyone help me please
any reports of app store crashing on uncover 8.0.2 running 14.8? my app store wont open, only app giving me issues
anyone on 15 will be stuck, i recommend you restore to 15.2, turn auto updates off and just wait until a jailbreak arrives
does unc0ver for ios 14, have any battery drain issues? on ios 13 it did, but i used to have an entire setup back then.
i got a hand me down iphone it has never been jailbroken how do i reset it without updating as i plan on jailbreaking it
so is there a exploit available (released or not released) for a14 on 14.6 and 14.7 that would allow untether?
you can go to 14.8 using delayota. but make sure you have an a12 or a13 if you want to use latest u0.
remember when the second jailbreak was literally a few guys who found out how to add a custom ringtone on iphone?
it seems as though i might not have wanted to update to ios 15.1.1 . are there any ways currently to jailbreak on this version of ios?
hello i'm new here , wanted to ask if i can jailbreak my iphone x (ios 14.6) using the latest unc0ver ?
i'm dummy and forgot i have to sideload u0 once i update to 14.8. best way to do that on mac? i could do windows too but that's more effort here
i know i heard news about a checkra1n update for ios 15 does anyone know if it will include a11 and up?
i've been on taurine for a while and don't have any issues but i am on 14.2. should i refrain from updating to 14.8 if i use carplay alot?
still trying to jailbreak my iphone 2g, i had to fully reset my pc to go back to windows 10, and yet i still have the same problem, the problem is it just stays in the waiting for reboot area and never changes
hey i have a problem with checkrain iphone 8 ios 14.8 when i follow the instructions and enter dfu mode it's just stuck on checking if device is ready. does anyone know a fix i have been struggling alot
hey i have a problem with checkrain iphone 8 ios 14.8 when i follow the instructions and enter dfu mode it's just stuck on checking if device is ready. does anyone know a fix i have been struggling alot
hello! i'm trying to find a way to upgrade from 13.5 to 14.8 for the newest unc0ver jailbreak released. should i use futurerestore or the supervised mmode? i've never done this before so i might need some help on this
is it possible for the exploit used in unc0ver 8.0 to support a14? or is there some sort of limitation that prevents it
hi, i just jailbreak my iphone 11 pro with unc0ver 8.0.1 and my messages app do not work. do you know guys how to fix it?
but for iphone 8 plus with ios 13.5 and jailbreak if i update to 14.8 but with what can i do the jailbreak because the unc0ver 8.0.1 tells me it does not support the jailbreak
all, i read the news late yesterday went ahead with the jb, and after updating noticed im a14 and not a12 . is there any workaround to go back at this point?
guys, my iphone is stuck on u0 failing to jailbreak due to a broken deb and i can't even restore rootfs, help!
i mean to my understanding the only change is fugu14 now supports 14.3 - you can try 8.0.1 and see how it goes
im trying to use the new ota update to 14.8 but my ota updates are still blocked after root fs from taurinecan angone help?
guys im on ios 14.7.1 xr how do i do the delay ota and upgrade to 14.8 so i can use unc0ver jailbreak
yall i installed u0 on my 14.8 iphone se 2020 and i tapped "jailbreak" and it just rebooted and there's no cydia or anything
yes through the whole altstore process, in case of uncover 14.8 u can just sign uncover over and over using reprovision
i have t-mobile, my old iphone 6s is sprint, if i jailbreak using chimera will i be able to unlock it to use any carrier?
my iphone se 2020 keeps crashing every time i try and jailbreak on the unc0ver app anyone have any ideas?
that's right, i wanted to be able to jb on the latest ios but since sep is fucked i can't.. i'd be better with an a13 device, they can jb 14.8 and im here stuck on 14.3
haven't seen anyone wiht xr or xs max having issues, seems to be an xs thing, crashes on exploiting kernal(step 2) on 14.6 and 14.8 afaik
ok so i installed untether for fugu14 and then rebooted and then opened altstore but it doesnt show any instructions
so i'm on ios 14.5 beta on an iphone se 2020, and when i install unc0ver, it goes through the process just fine until it patches the placeholder app (fugu14), and i try to open fugu14, but it immediately crashes the app. any ideas on how to fix this? i've heard of 4 other people who have had this problem
if youre currently jailbroken and update to ios 14.8 using ota delay, is their anything you need to do in order to not lose your jb after you jb again? does it just stay in the background waiting for it to be "loaded" again after you jailbreak?
i've blobs for 13.5, i guess i can try to upgrade 13.5 to 14.8.. i love so much jailbreak, i dont wanna lose
i mean i wouldn't update to 14.8 because there is no current jb for it without checkrain but you can do whatever
**when is the 15.2 jailbreak coming out, i am 100% entitled to this jailbreak and i expect it to be released tomorrow, fully untethered and full rootfs access, i'm sick of these lazy developers not making jailbreaks quick enough**
if i jailbreak my iphone 11 pro, and i have 14.8 blobs saved, can i upgrade that way? or should i otadelay?
guys can you help me please? i'm using checkn1x to jb my iphone 7, tho it will hang on "waiting for device to be ready" on my amd ryzen 5 2600x config, meanwhile it will work just fine on my intel i5 7500
hey my iphone xr is dropped and old and the touchscreen does not function is there anyway i could jailbreak without using touch screen?
i am on ios 14.4.1 i had fugu and u0 and i restore rootfs , i want to update to ios 15.2 and want to know if it s safe to update from setings
iphone is overall more buggy when i have the jb installed, and i always have to reload unc0ver anyways the same way i do altstore.
okay i have unc0ver loaded onto my iphone xr 14.4.1 how do i get rid of it to install the latest update?
yo guys have never booted up an old ios device and been like "i bet i can finally jailbreak this by now"
bro when can i jailbreak my iphone 6 on 8.4.1, i require an eta right fucking now, and i am entitled to this jailbreak as i've been waiting for 7 years patiently
ig the only use blobs have is downgrading to fugu14 so you can do unthetered but i dont even have 14 blobs so i got zero uses for blobs currently
if it's an iphone x you can wait for checkra1n which will come out sooner, but you won't have face id
hello everyone, am new in fact i would like to install cydia but i saw that i had to go through unc0ver, currently i am on version 15.2 of iphone but the version of uncover is marked ios 11.0 - 14.3, but is  can i still install this version?
hi guys! new to the discord and sorry if this a  noob question but any info on if ios 15.1 jailbreak for 13 pro max is in the works?
hi i'm new to jailbreaking. i've been wanting to start with my ipad. i've tried bootra1n, checkra1n, and unc0ver, but no luck. any help?
i want to update from ios 14.6 to ios 15, what versions of ios 15 are vulnerable for future jailbreaks?
should i be updating to 15.1 (iphone 11 on 15.0.1), i've seen a few things now about a 15.1 jb but i can't seem to find much about it in here
should i be updating to 15.1 (iphone 11 on 15.0.1), i've seen a few things now about a 15.1 jb but i can't seem to find much about it in here
can i upgrade to 15.2, and if and when ios 15.1 jailbreak come out, downgrade to that version also have all blobs
eta, also known as established thing american, is a strong exploit that lets you unseal ios's sealed rootfs, but it only works using orp which is only capable of being semi-untethered so fugarian39 can't be used along with cumc0ver.
sorry to keep bothering but does anyone know if its possible to save onboard shsh blobs on ios 15.1 on ipad air 2 (which is checkra1n-able)
if you're lucky and it's on a jailbreakable version, you can upgrade that to ios 15.1 in preparation for the upcoming jailbreak
we tweaked the code to match checkra1n and ios 13 with the most stable experience possible. other tools are still used to install the normal sieo. requires installing newterm or mterminal with the command "installsileo"
very sad. is there any way to load illegitimate apps on 15 without jb? probably in the wrong discord to be asking that question though lol
anybody think jailbreak for ios 15 is ever coming? read some articles on it and it seems kinda grim...
yeah... think i'm just gonna update to ios 15. any recommendations for ad blocking and stuff like that without jb?
hello, i have an iphone 12 on 1.14 and its jailbroken with unc0ver and i went and restore root and my phone restarted and none of my apps work and i cannot power off phone
ok so i got my ip7 to 14.8 but now checkra1n says that i can't jailbreak it (macos gui). whats quick boot and which one of these do i need to enable `allow untested ios,safe mode, verbose boot, skip a11 bpr check`
ok so i've narrowed down the issues that are happening. i'm on ipad air 2, ios 14.6. the errors that i'm getting like usbmux error -79 and all those are not a software problem. pongoos is not booting. jailbreaking my old iphone 6 works perfectly. whenever i do jailbreak on that ipad all it does it restart and boot, no code written on the screen, no pongoos. does anyone have any fixes?
yeah, its stopping the jailbreak from working so idk if restoring the ipad will fix it or it being an unsupported verison. i'm going to guess i need to reset it. the newest supported version for the ipad air 2 is ios 15.2. i want it at 14.6, i assume that it won't auto install 15 for me right?
ok so i have narrowed down the issues that i have and i found out that its my ipad itsself thats giving the issue usbmux errror -79 because i try with the same cable, same port, same pc, same thumb drive, on my old iphone 6 and i got no errors at all. for my ipad which is an ipad air 2 with ios 14.6 it says in the jailbreak guide that i can use odysseyn1x and the only problem is that 14.6 is an untested version of ios for checkra1n. on my old iphone 6 i was getting errors jailbreaking until i dfu resetted my phone. i don't know if the jailbreaking problems on the ipad are because i haven't restored it or if its because its an untested version. anyone have any thoughts on this?
does anyone remember what version of checkra1n worked with the ipad air? the newer versions dont work. i remember there was a trick to it like unplugging and replugging at a certain point
i want to update to ios 15.2 and i am jailbroken with fugu14 , all i need to do is restore rootfs and then update from setings or better updste using itunes or (dfu)?
there is no jailbreak for 15.1 being worked on atm as there isn't a public kernel exploit yet that is usable for it
i want you to deeply think on why i would exactly know the date on when checkra1n for ios 15 will arrive for the public.
you're asking if you can downgrade to 13.3 from 14.1? or are you asking if all those versions are jailbreakable?
considering that theres not even a jailbreak besides checkra1n for 14.6 yet, id say we have to wait a while for ios 15 jbs
if i make use of unc0ver fugu14 jailbreak, can i later on switch to taurine (if it ever gets finished)
btw if my new device is on 14.7 the best thing i can do is try to get 15.1 right? im not really up to date about current state of jb
dears i have 2 ipad pro 9.7 (13.5.1 and 14.4.2) i would jailbreak with the same ios version. is it possible to update 13.5.1 to 14.4.2? thx
dears i have 2 ipad pro 9.7 (13.5.1 and 14.4.2) i would jailbreak with the same ios version. is it possible to update 13.5.1 to 14.4.2? thx
so how long would i have to wait for a jb cause ive never done it before and it seems cool btw im on iphone 12 and 15.0.1
hi guy, first time here and very newbie.. i have ipad pro 9.7" with ios 14.4.2 what is the best way to jailbreak? i anticipate that i have never done anything like this, so if there are guides for novices i thank you
there have been website-based jailbreaks in the past, but that was many many years ago. jailbreakme.qwertyuiop.com for ios 4, totallynotspyware.lol for ios 10, etc
im getting airpods soon, my jb is on 13.5, do i need to install any tweak so my iphone supports the airpods or no need?
i need help, so my ipad got booted off by accident and now i can't open cydia and i can't install unc0ver from jb-apps.me it would just say unable to install "unc0ver"
the creators of unc0ver are the kind of people to say sorry we couldn't support this version of ios because of the global chip shortage
tim cook said whoever jailbreaks 14.6 he'd do their dad and so far it's the best protection they'd had against jailbreaks yet
hey could someone help me with blobs? my friend told me that i should save blobs when im on 14.6 on iphone xr(i want to jailbreak). so what is exactly blobs?
set of exploits which can allow for an untether on 14.3*-14.5.1 (could work potentially as far back as 14.0)
i mean it's always possible someone wants to take the spotlight and get the fame for "jailbreaking the newest ios"
it's completely relevant, y'all are literally whining about "don't promise anything" but (1) they never promised it will be done within 1-2 months or anything (2) they literally said that they will pick up work on it on the future and use the saved money once there's an exploit for 14.7+ or so released
well now that i discovered alternatesu is dead anyone have a tutorial on getting fugu14 working on ios 14.3?
however their focus is now on a higher version of a jailbreak for like 14.7 or something but if uncover is working why not
with the release of ios 15.2, ios 15.1 jailbreak is going to be on the horizon! this is because ios 15.2 patched a bunch of jailbreak exploits, which can be used to jailbreak ios 15.1 easily without a computer! this means that unc0ver jailbreak can be updated to jailbreak ios 15.1, and chimera team can update to jailbreak ios 15.1 as well. is this real
could i downgrade my 13 pro max to a older ios version and jailbreak it or is the a15 chip not supported yet
ohh wait is there anyway of reapplying checkrain faster cause i keep having to change my boot to checkrain in bios
hello everyone, i am on ios 14.4 and have an iphone 8 and a windows pc. i have been waiting about a year for any jailbreak that will finally work for me other than that stupid thing with checkrain and a usb. please anyone is there any jailbreak i can do?
is the ios 15 vulnerabilities working on 14.6? in that case is there a possibility that it could get a jailbreak
hey so im new to jailbreaking and i want to jail break my old iphone 6 plus that is currently running on ios 12.5.5 .how would i go about jailbreaking my device?
14.5.1 or lower if your device newer than the x, 14.3 and lower for anything else (except checkra1n devices which is 14.8 or lower)
i wanted to know, if i am to jb my iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.4.2 with fugu14 would i loose face id and apple pay?
can anyone help me jailbreak an ipad air currently using checkra1n through odyssey but getting error 31 when i try odyssey i get lost connection
don't all of fugu14's vulns work on 14.6 with the exception of the kernel vuln? doesn't that mean once there's a kernel vuln **that can be used** for 14.6, fugu14 can support it as well?
i hope this isnt veering too close to an eta request but... is there any promising project underway that has been announced to the community at large to jailbreak 14.6 on devices with the new security chips? ive been holding out hope cuz a jb would be super useful to get around an annoying carrier restriction but im really tempted to give up and just install ios15 and accept that i may never jb this device
is it possible to upgrade my ipad (5th generation) from ios 13 to ios 14.8 right now? or should i jailbreak it on ios 13?
havent been keeping up with all the jailbreak stuff. is there still no jailbreak currently for 14.7.1 for iphone 12?
can someone point me to an website or something where i can successfully dl pwnage tool to jb my dads iphone 2g please
apple can try to secure ios so that jailbreak apps aren't possible, but they can't block that in the tool you use to make the apps, that makes no sense
but wait they are just blocking jb stuff with newer ios versions but they don't care that you can make it from there well they can just block that?
how many people are going to be bootlooped within the first 15 seconds of an ios 15 jailbreak because they like ran passwd or something stupid
so right now shes waiting for taurine to come out with 14.4 support so we can try to restore with it
my sister who has to use it for ios 14.4 said that one day is stopped working entirely. it wouldn't jailbreak, it wouldn't restore rootfs, it wouldn't do anything. she is still stuck with a modified root folder and no way to fix it other than a dfu restore
then like if 14.7 have exploit then 14.7 jailbrek and no 14.8 jailbrek but we can infrom people stay on 14.7
stay on 14.4, you can save blobs for 15.1 anyways and once a jailbreak for 15.1 comes out you can jailbreak 14.4 and upgrade to 15.1 via the blobs you saved
does anyone know if checkra1n will succeed in jailbreaking my iphone 6s running ios 14.8.1, i want to commit but im worried it will break cause its an untested version
mans has no idea what they're talking about "this is because ios 15.2 patched a bunch of jailbreak exploits, which can be used to jailbreak ios 15.1 easily without a computer!"
you could fucking hodge podge checkra1n right now to support ios 15 and be completely tethered in about an hour
even if i was on vacation i probably wouldnt bring my ipad, and if it was a vacation where i did then chances are id have my laptop to use checkra1n anyways
blobs is a better method since you can be on ios 13 and then just restore right when a jailbreak drops
i want to jailbreak my ipad mini 5th gen. jb wizard says i can't but unc0ver says i can. it's version 13.1.3 at the moment. can someone confirm or deny my ability to do so?
hey guys! im on ios 13.5.1 jailbreak rn and im tempted to go to 15.1 just because a lot of apps are requiring a higher firmware to be able to be used now... just curious is there any semi jailbreak or any way to make your phone have a jailbroken feel while being un jailbroken?
hello. so im considering jailbreaking my se 2020 on 14.4. and i want to change to taurine when i comes out. how would i do that transition. would it be just re jb with taurine or would i  need to future restore my phone?
discord on ios does it screen share with app sound or not? mine not working? is there jailbreak solution?
i kinda don't have any current reason for jailbreak and i wanna be able to jailbreak in the future on 15
i don't really have a need to have a jailbreak and a writeup is going to get released for ios 1.15.1 in 2 months or so
guys i got a new iphone 11 pro max and it is still on ios 13.6, how do i upgrade to ios 14.5.1 for the jailbreak?
hi i tried to jailbreak my iphone 8 on ios 14.0 with taurine jailbreak but when it reboots my screen doesnt respond to any of my touches what can i do?
while it is also possible to modify fugu14 to work with arm64, it's a matter if anyone cares enough to take up the job
question? let me introduce myself i'm on ios 15.2 right now i  just updated to 15.2  but i want to know that can i downgrade to ios 14.3 when i was jailbroken i remember saving blobs for  ios 14.3 it was a tweak called tss saver i saved my blobs on but i know ios 14.3 is an unsigned i'm wondering that can i downgrade to it and jailbreak because  i miss being jailbroken
i wonder is 14.5 beta supported by fugu14 yet, also if you have a mac it might be worth installing fugu14 manually
why does is it say that i can jailbreak but when i go to the unc0ver website it says ios 11.0 - 14.3
so i got chimera on my ipad3 12.5.5 and it restarts the ipad, i relaunch chimera and then get an error that jailbreak couldn't be installed
not asking for etas but, is there something preventing from a jailbreak like u0 being possible on 14.6? couldnt devs use the exploit or they are developing it?
hello i have an iphone 7 ios 14.4 with activation lock it has been reset and i can't unlock it with checkra1 can someone help me?  i don't speak english well either
correct me if i'm wrong but if any dev cared about an apple watch jailbreak, since watchos 7.4.1 has the same vulns fugu14 uses wouldn't it be possible to make an untether for it?
14.8 can be jailbreak ? i currently have 15.1 and planning to downgrade to 14.8 to jailbreak after jailbreak can i install unassigned ipsw like 13.3 ?
ok i'll get taurine. once i get my ios version, device, and which jailbreak i want to use i'll tell you guys then you can recommend me videos or whatever
i just thought, i have an old ipad with a version thats supported for jailbreaking. i'm going to try that out and see how much of a pain it is to install before i make the judgment on whether or not i'm going to do it on my phone when its supported
am i allowed to ask how the jailbreak is going for iphone x and models above that without it coming across as me just saying "eta when"
don't forget, there is 2 different iomfb vulnerabilities out. one public exploit but requires root access (max 14.7) and one that is poc but can be made into an exploit (works on 13.0-15.0.1)
they complain about procursus going rootless on ios 15 and then decide "yeah sure, let's choose the route that semi-untethered jailbreaks can't use, that will inevitably break, that will possibly waste storage, and will require more time to prepare and make stable"
one more question im on ios 14.7 and i used checkrain to jailbreak the phone can i have both cydia and sileo installed?
siguza said checkra1n for ios 15 could be done in like a week but he won't have time until after christmas
so i just installed uncover untethered for my iphone xr running 14.5.1 it installed cydia but supposedly thats very old. what should i do from here on and how
is there a way for me to even test a jailbreak using a ios emulator (for windows because my mac broke but if there isn't one for windows then i can use linux)
i have a iphone 11 (12,1) and want to jailbreak it but i can't downgrade the ios version to 14.5.1 (i am on ios 15.1)
with all the new apps and shit having needing newer versions of the iphone im like not even using the jailbreak anymore, i just wanna update to the newest software update. how do i reset my jailbreak and just update it?
hi i was told that checkra1n was working with ios 14.8 so i wanted to know if it was possible to upgrade from an iphone 7 that i jailbreak with ios 14.3 to 14.8 and if there was a special manipulation
an iomfb poc bug was released for 13.0-15.0.1 but it an exploit is needed to be written for it to work
i mean there was an exploit released on october 24th but that has to do with fugu14 and is 14.0-14.5.1, not to do with 15.0.1 shit
exploit development is a mild shitshow... average times of getting a jailbreak for a new ios version are slowly increasing... pretty soon i would not be surprised if it hits a year soon and then exponentially increases with ios 15
this is why i need to save blobs for 15.1 so that if a jb is released for it i can update using checkra1n
so my device (iphone 7, taurine 1.1.1.) randomly rebooted, i think neonboard found it,  i tried to continue as normal in jailed mode but it rebooted again which led me to believe it could have messed with system files as some icons wouldnt show up and it is now stuck in a bootloop because of it, what is the best way to fix this? should i force restart my device? im trying to fix this with as little data loss as possible and hoping not having to restore through itunes as i dont want to update. any help is appreciated please
hey guys, i'd looking on how to downgrade mon iphone 5se to ios 14.0 and i don't know if i can use checkra1n or not, can someone help me there ?
i mean you could say it only affects checkra1n but the thing is there is no other jailbreak for 14.4.2 a11. so that was just a bit confusing. affects checkra1n only like there is other jailbreaks existant that work with that version lol
altstore would also be classed as eol for our purposes except *thank you u0+fugu14 for being dogshit at making good decisions with how to handle shit*
so i want to jb my ipad air 2, so i downloaded bootrain, and had the error : task checkrain blocked for more than 122 seconds
apple changed apfs snapshots on ios 14.2+, the snapshot change doesn't affect checkra1n on ios 14.2+, so you can use snapback with checkra1n but any other jb, rip snapback
still on 15.0.1 on my iphone 13 pro max. whats the current outlook on jailbreak happening? i was just going to update to 15.2 rc but didnt know if there we have a good chance of a jailbreak being that there were many exploits patched with 15.1 and im still on. 15.0.1
hi, just a question. is there a way to jailbreak iphone xr - ios 15.1 at the moment? hopefully i am not being rude.
hello, i have an iphone 7+ w ios 14.4 and i want to jailbreak. could someone point me in the right direction?
you clearly can't read, the picture shows his ios version is 14.4.1... he is using the untethered unc0ver
yes, i know that "there is no eta" but i want just blind estimation for jailbreak possibility for 14.7.1? is it upcoming after previous 14.5.1 support?
would an iphone x work with jailbreak. (i have ios 15.1 ***yes i know that it can not be jailbroken yet***)
so first off i'm going to hack into china for ios 0days. i'm going to make the first web based untethered jailbreak on latest firmware on forever. it'll be called "poopjb" however there's going to be a catch
yeah there are a number of different fake sites that claim you can jailbreak ios 15, don't fall for those
anyone that can estime the time for uncover to support 14.8.1? i already have jailbreak on a phone but it's not my main phone...?
if you want you could use the delayed ota profile to get to ios 14.7.1 and wait for a jailbreak on there
yeah i was looking around i think i missed it by a bit. are there untethered jb's in the future for 14.0+?
you have to exploit the kernel again to really do anything lol. but fugu14 works all the time anyway
oh yeah and i'd need to be on lower than 14.3 to jailbreak semi-untethered anyway, idk how much more stable 14,3 is over 14.2 but yeah
oh yeah and this was like a week before the 14.5 jailbreak was released (which was compatible with my phone)
i have these blobs saved plus ios 14.6, i'm on iphone x ios 13.3 currently however my apps are starting to want ios 14+ can i update to any of these and what one is best for a jb?
hello all, i am on ios 13.5 with unc0ver that i sideload through altstore. my phone died and restarted and now when i try to sideload altstore and verify and trust it, it crashes upon open. can someone tell me what i am doing wrong here?
hi there, is it possible to jailbreak an ipad pro 3rd gen on 14.8.1 yet or is it still not possible? thanks
first i had altstore and the problem was the it was not installing placeholder for fugu14 and now i dont even have alt store anymore
new to jailbreaking. any1 got any info for me on how to jailbreak ios 15.1 on an ipad pro with apple id linked?
i must not be understanding something. so you can upgrade to 14... but can't jb for some reason? even though there are jb's available for 14?
is there a good resource for what devices are and are not jailbreakable on what versions? like a website that is updated semi-frequently? just bought an ipad pro 12.9" m1 on 14.7.1 and i don't know how to know for sure it's jailbreakable
also i have a quick question, since ios 15.1 is signed does that mean i can downgrade my device and jailbreak?
can i upgrade from ios 14.1 to ios 14.4 on my iphone 12 pro if i have blobs saved? i want to use the new fugu 14 and i just realized i had blobs saved for 14.4 which is compatible.
how much money would it take to bribe the unc0ver developers to get it working on the ios 15 version that still has the vulnerability
if you already have a phone that is vurnable to taurine you have no reason to do anything with fugu14
i have been under a rock for the last 3 months and just found out about fugu14? it has been out for a while now and i am wondering if you guys consider it to be safe yet
if you have an iphone 7, it can boot project sandcastle but you can also boot checkra1n on any supported device
should i use mybloxx with the delay profile to go from my 14.1 jailbreak to 14.7.1 while still possible before the 8th of december? (iphone 12 pro max)
oh no please! it turns out i've made a serious lapse in my judgement and the jailbreak from gethacksiphonefree.ru has bricked my precious new iphone 13 pro max. i deeply apologize if my initial impression has sullied our potential relationship however i must turn to this community once more for their deep and extensive knowledge on this subject. do you happen to know anything about this website? could we possibly get it taken down? i appreciate all the help i can get. thank you for your service and time.
"no?? no?? you turn away potential new jailbreakers just because they like to keep up with the latest apples?? this is outrageous. no wonder the jailbreak community is dying. they can't even find a hack for the new versions in a month. i thought i would become a valued and esteemed community member but here we are. and it's all your fault. do you know what you've done? do you understand with your feeble mind how much pure wisdom i could offer to this community? and yet you push me out. fine then. i guess i'll just download the ios 15 jailbreak from gethacksiphonefree.ru. i hope you know what you've done."
no?? no?? you turn away potential new jailbreakers just because they like to keep up with the latest apples?? this is outrageous. no wonder the jailbreak community is dying. they can't even find a hack for the new versions in a month. i thought i would become a valued and esteemed community member but here we are. and it's all your fault. do you know what you've done? do you understand with your feeble mind how much pure wisdom i could offer to this community? and yet you push me out. fine then. i guess i'll just download the ios 15 jailbreak from gethacksiphonefree.ru. i hope you know what you've done.
no?? no?? you turn away potential new jailbreakers just because they like to keep up with the latest apples?? this is outrageous. no wonder the jailbreak community is dying. they can't even find a hack for the new versions in a month. i thought i would become a valued and esteemed community member but here we are. and it's all your fault. do you know what you've done? do you understand with your feeble mind how much pure wisdom i could offer to this community? and yet you push me out. fine then. i guess i'll just download the ios 15 jailbreak from gethacksiphonefree.ru. i hope you know what you've done.
no?? no?? you turn away potential new jailbreakers just because they like to keep up with the latest apples?? this is outrageous. no wonder the jailbreak community is dying. they can't even find a hack for the new versions in a month. i thought i would become a valued and esteemed community member but here we are. and it's all your fault. do you know what you've done? do you understand with your feeble mind how much pure wisdom i could offer to this community? and yet you push me out. fine then. i guess i'll just download the ios 15 jailbreak from gethacksiphonefree.ru. i hope you know what you've done.
asking how to jailbreak the latest iphone on the latest software version is almost usually a bang no
ios 14.4 on iphone x a11 chip. tried jbing with checkra1n but doesn't show the app. showed the checkra1n apple screen but gave me error 20 on my pc and booted into apple. banking apps are jb locked so its in a half jb state. any advice??
hi folks, unc0ver is not installing, could someone please advise on the fix? its stuck half way. thanks i12 pro with 14.5.1
you know why when i want to install an app or update an app on sileo it doesn't work when i click nothing happens, i have an iphone x ios 14.8.1 jailbreak with odyssey1nx and checkra1n?  thank you
ohh i never jailbreak any ios because iphone 11 is my first phone , i am android user. i will be planning to buy second ios to keep safe.
hi. i have a lame question. if 15.1 beta 3 is vulnerable for more than 1.5-2 months, how that there is still no jb? no push, just woundering if there is some technical blocking or teams just wanna to test it properly before releasing?
i understand odyssey is only ios 13 but am i able to update from my odyssey 13.3 to ios 14 some how using uncover or taurine?
hey guys, my new iphone 11 just arrived yesterday, it's on ios 14.7.1, which isn't supported by any jailbreak tool as of now, should i wait or give up on jailbreaking it and update to ios 15?
but technically 14.6 assuming a jb comes out because i can grab the onboard blob which also happens to be an itunes restore blob b)
h i im on ios 12 and i want to get a jailbreak that only works on ios 8 is there wny way to downgrade?
hey, just got a new apple watch series 7, noticed i need to be at ios 15+ in order to pair it. i'm currently jailbroken at ios 14.2 or something like that. anything i can do or do i have to update and lose jailbreak
guys quick question. suppose i have ios 14.8 blobs and i have updated to ios 15.1. in the future when ios 14.8 has a jailbreak. can i revert my ios version back to ios 14.8 using blobs?
i just jailbroke about an hour ago (12 pro, 14.5.1, unc0ver), and now it seems like every couple of minutes i get the apple 2fa confirmation screen with the 6 digit codes popping up on all my apple devices at the same time for a login attempt, but all 3 devices (macbook air, apple watch, iphone 12 pro) all show different 6 digit codes. anyone have any experience with this?
ayo so im on 14.3, i got blobs for 15.0.1, any way im finna be able to update and keep my jb without breaking faceid
when i was in like 4th grade i wanted to jailbreak my ipod just so i could have a battery percentage indicator lmao
ok so im new to iphone and i jailbreaked it.... i want to transfer a few songs to my phone via itunes, would jailbreaking in any way effect the process
should i upgrade to ios 15? jailbreaking is not really that optimal and hell, i can just sideload what i need
anyone having problems with fugu14 running 12 pro max on 14.5.1? thinking about jailbreaking my phone. or should i just wait for another jailbreak?
is it possible to update my iphone to a different version without going to the latest? i'm rocking a 6s and it's on 12.3.1 but i am going to be forced to update it to be able to use it with the software i want (which will no longer support 12) i'm trying to figure out the best way to go about upgrading the ios on it without rendering it unjailbreakable
pretty sweet setup now, only problem is that the altdaemon is crashing per cr4shed log due to memory exceeding limit in latest u0 on ios 14.4. reinstall it, works for a few days and back to the issue of not auto-refreshing. any insight guys? sorry if a wrong ch.
wassup guyss. so can i jailbreak my iphone xr running on ios 15.1 ? i dont really care wht about to be like. wht i know i just wan jailbreak. it's is possible ?
i'm on ios 14.6, but really like the ios 15 features. it doesn't seem like any jailbreaks are coming soon for me, should i update?
probably but given that much sooner turned to many months and many months gets boring, 15 provides more real life uses than jb
can anyone help me? i had unc0ver on my 14.4 iphone but it restarted out nowhere. so i went back to unc0ver and rejailbroke it and it said successful but now it shows the apple logo, turns off, and shows the apple logo when i turn it back on.
and i gave up so i updated to ios 15, jailbreak for my device on 14 was released the next week or two
anyone know how to put an ipad in dfu while its in recovery mode? it only seems to work on normal boot, which makes installing checkra1n not work
would it be possible to take my sim card from my iphone 8 plus ios 13.3 and move it over to a iphone 13 and then just re-jailbreak?
is there a way to permanently jailbreak iphone 6s i used chekra1n twice now because battery went flat and had to redo it but is there a permanent solution for jailbreak so i can use filza?
just curious i was on ios 13 before and i updated uncover and it did not let me to get back into my phone so i had to icloud reset it is there any way i can prevent this from happening again since waiting for a new jailbreak is a pain lol
just wondering did someone get root perms on a12 14.6 already? i saw some news someone did and was wondering if they either haven't released it yet or someone hasn't made a jailbreak app with it?
example: im in 14.3 if i saved the shah then went to ios15.1 and i can jb in 15.1 then i can go back to ios14.3 . am i right?
im on 14.1 jailbroken with blobs saved up to 14.5, can i go to 14.5 with my blobs? im on a14. i just saw you can jb on 14.5 now
is there any jb currently available for iphone 8 ios 14.6? as far as i have seen its either not up to 14.6 or they dont support older devices
are there any jailbreaks to install cydia with 15.0.1 with no verification stuff where you gotta like download apps and stuff
ok so jailbreakig probably not an option but are there any other ways to customize ios 12 past this without jailbreak
oh so if i wait for a 15 jailbreak then i can just save the onboard blob and then have blobs for 15 too
are there any news about a jailbreak on 15.0.2? what would be a good place to keep up with info about this?
how come when i use checkra1n to jailbreak its just stuck on "checking if device is ready" after i put it in dfu mode. (iphone 7 14.6)
hey guys i'm wondering if i can restore rootfs and start with a fresh jailbreak. i'm on 14.2 with a lot of tweaks and possible changed system files, and i notice a lot of lag and issues so i just wanna start fresh. is there any potential issues i might run into i should be aware of?
so i used unc0ver while on ios 13. im not on ios 14, i guess i i had configured to block updates, which is what i wanted while i was jailbroken. now i cannot update to ios 15 even though i am on a different ios version and no longer jailbroken
is it possible to jb iphone x on 14.7.1 on the jb wiki it says yes but in checkeain itself it says iphone x is supported but 14.7.1 is not
i have an iphone xr on ios 14.3 is there a way to update to any version of ios and still be able to jailbreak my iphone?
hey! just joined the server, wanted to ask is there a jailbreak for 15.1? and does what phone i have matter?
the jailbreak community rlly needs some guy at apple who can save blobs after the ios versions are not signed anymore
ios 11 has had an untethered exploit for like 2 years now, no one cares about 11 anymore enough to use it, plus i think the exploit is buggy
i've heard there's an iomfb exploit for ios 15, does that mean anything for jailbreaking in the future?
so i was scrolling through tik tok in class, my phone freezes, taurine said my phone needs to user space reboot, then i saw the startup repair menu for a few seconds and my phone screen went black (11 pro, 14.3 tuarine) hard reboot or anything not working the phone is just like dead, black screen
dosent fugu14 just add code execution on boot? then you have to add the code for it to be untether? that's how i'm trying to understand it but idk if its right
man, what a crap! u0 is entirely buggy jailbreak. i am facing a lot of issues with it. and now, after rebooting my device, the jb says my device is unsupported! but i am on 14.4 (a13). btw i am not a fanboi of any other jb!
man, what a crap! u0 is entirely buggy jailbreak. i am facing a lot of issues with it. and now, after rebooting my device, the jb says my device is unsupported! but i am on 14.4 (a13). btw i am not a fanboi of any other jb!
can i still jailbreak my ios 13.7 phone? i need to clear some old remnants of the jailbreak because i can't use some apps due to the fact that they think it's jailbroken
hello im reading up on blobs and how sep works for a14 devices such as my iphone 11. without previous blobs is it possible to jailbreak ios 14.6? i'm having trouble finding out how to downgrade
actually that's my brother who is saying that and another but he installed jb in ipod and from along time and he don't know how jb is upgraded or how far does jb went
true but it happened in may 2020 when i was jailbroken on a ios 13 version idk which but i have a pic of the homescreen that time i had like soooo many tweaks and i guess they had conflicts idk when i had an issue i would find the tweak that was causing it and uninstall that tweak but idk how i end up puting my phone in a state where i have to restore it lol idk i forgot what i did to cause it to lose jb but ya it sucks
when im jailbroken everytime i have been i end up getting ton of tweaks and it causes the device to not work properly and thats how i end up losing the jailbreak and have to restore device to latest version and wait over a year to jb again i need to be careful with ios 15 jb 15.0 so that doesnt happen again cause i can never keep a jb for more then few months lol
is it safe for me to update my iphone 13 pro max to 15.1 if i want to jailbreak in the future or stay on 15.0.1?
so uhhhhh can someone help me. i have an iphone xr that i previously jailbroke and now i want to update it to the latest ios, but i'm pretty sure i forgot to turn off the thing that disables updates in unc0ver. i'm on ios 14.6 rn, any help?
ugh gonna get a new iphone soon. wish i could jailbreak that but its prolly going to be in the latest update.
he makes icloud unlock videos, he clickbaits, every time something new comes out he makes a video, he constantly did checkra1n tutorials every time a new ios version released
could you imagine a little timmy finally jailbreaking and thinks he can upgrade to the newest verson of ios and then he is not h=jailbreaked anymore that would be a poor timmy
guys do u know any websites where i can lookup different jailbreak methods for a certain ios version?
hey i kinda know fuck all about jailbreaking, just wondering if it is possible to jailbreak a iphone 11 with ios 15?
imagine if axiomx released checkm9, untethered bootrom exploit for all devices a4-a15, how many upvotes
hey, im extremely new to jailbreaking, what latest ios versions are jailbreakable as of now? and what software can i use to install them? (iphone xr)
i know might sound stupid, i was jb with fugu and u0 14.4.1 restored rootfs and know i want to update, it s safe to update from setings?
fellas, quick question, i have been away from the jb scene for a bit, is there something new for a12 ios 14.4.2?
no checkrain app will work at all by downloading straight to the iphone? thats how i did uncover, i didnt even use my computer
how can i jailbreak after i unjailbreak from 12.4 to lastest firmware version that supports jailbreak for the iphone x
how can i jailbreak my iphone x to the latest jailbreak. my iphone is currently jailbroken on ios 12.4
alt store and uncover apps "no longer available" even tho im still jailbroken and cydia works? 14.3 some tweeks stopped working too. any idea whats wrong?
i like how on the u0 website it says they test extensively, but they speedrun any% the first jailbreak with fugu14 and do 0 testing
that happens with me to and i upgradeted to ios 15.0 bcs my jb was destroyed bcs i could not even open unc0ver so now i m weating for the ios 15 jb
help!! my iphone 12 pro jailbroken on u0 7.0.2 running ios 14.3 ran out of memory (127.8 full out of 128 gb). i deleted some videos of 5 gb and did a reboot and it is stuck on the apple logo. i have all the blobs saved. i guess i should future-restore to the same 14.3 firmware and have the device cleaned. can someone please help me as i begin this process?
can someone tell me why a12+ devices aren't jailbreakable on 14.6 and above? that checkm8 doens't work isn't what i am asking just curious what made it diffucult for example for fugu, taurin and so on.
i'm about to purchase a iphone 13 pro, and obv there is no jailbreak. but is it possible to sideload apps with tweaks bundled in to them? like instagram + ig++ etc
hello, i previously future restored from ios 13 to 14.2 (my current ios). am i able to future restore to 14.5 if i have saved blobs so that i can use the newest unc0ver? iphone 11 pro max
you can keep it, but downgrading to 14.x will break face id, or maybe it will be even impossible by the time a 15.1 jb comes out, if apple makes sep fully incompatible, who knows
is it worth keeping the blob just in case in the future i can jailbreak ios 15.1 and downgrade if it becomes possible?
you can try that, better chance of future jb than going to 15.1... but atm you'll need macos or linux for it
hey, new to jailbreaking, i have a iphone 11 running ios15, anyone know if it will affect my contract or anything? im currently with vodafone atm until 2023
fugu14 is an untethered jailbreak, however as of now it is only used to keep unc0ver eternally signed so you can jailbreak from there
i was lowkey thinking using a friends computer to downgrade back to like 14.3 or sum so i could jailbreak
wait so if you already jailbroken your phone on 14 and the 15-15.1 beta comes out, you couldnt update your phone then jailbreak it again?
(also, still weird to me that it's not possible even with a jailbreak to downgrade ios without restoring sep)
i'm looking at the complete jailbreak chat. i'm on a ipad 4(wifi) is there no jailbreak for this? the (cellular) version has h3lix supporting it, doe sthat also mean for wifi h3lix works as well?
hello, i recently bought an ipad and i wanted to get some apps from the app store like pro create and good notes but they are quite expensive, is there any way i can get them without jailbreaking it
basically, randomized serial numbers means no more scanning serials in stores to find a phone on a jailbreakable version (starting from iphone 13 + purple iphone 12)
yes, i understand that, but to jailbreak i need a blob to downgrade the ios but can't jailbreak to get a blob to downgrade. it's counterintuitive
can checkra1n be used on ios15.1 if choosing the option to allow untested ios on an iphone se 2nd gen ?
hello, i am new to the jailbreaking community currently on uncover 14.5 on my iphone 12 pro max do i still need to have alt server icloud and itunes on my pc for any reason or can i delete them?
will there eventually be a time where apple makes it pretty much impossible to jailbreak in future ios versions, or will exploits always exist?
so i can;t downgrade ios as i have no blob, and cannot jailbreak without downgrading. i have to wait for a new exploit?
ipad pro 11 2020 jailbroken with taurine 1.1.1. purchased the xenon tweak. resprung, restarted, rejailbroke and cleared cache. it just doesn't show up at all on the home screen
if you want a non-checkra1n jb in the future you can futurerestore to 14.0-15.0.1 if you have blobs, if you don't then can't go any lower than 15.1
so ill just have to wait untill a jailbreak can become available for my iphone se 2  , or is there away to roll back updates
sorry to bother everyone, is there a way without removing the jailbreak and still be able to upgrade fugu14 to the latest version with unc0ver
i've tried installing fugu14 via altstore, but every time unc0ver is downloaded- it installs regularly without anything happening
yo, so trying to switch to chimera, my iphone rootfsed, and i took the opportunity to jailbreak with checkra1n and odysseyra1n it. can confirm newterm is libhooker-intolerant
is my phone at risk if i haven't jailbroken my device yet but installed the uncover app through fugu14?
if i have a device that is capable of going to ios 15 but it's on 14.0 can i just go to the last jailbreakable version?
cuz a few ppl have asked how to update from 14.0- 14.3 to 14.4-14.5.1 and the only benefit is unc0ver stays signed
hey there, so i'm on ios 14.3 and wondering if i can just download the 14.4 ipsw or if i need to have shsh blobs to upgrade to 14.4 so i can use the untethered jb
yo had a quick question, i'm jb on an xs on 13.5, is that any option to upgrade my ios and still be jb'd?
is it safe to jailbreak my iphone with ios 14fugu unc0ver? i can just backup my phone on itunes and then just backup it if it gets stuck in a bootloop, right?
can i install fugu 14 for unthered on my iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.2 ? or i have to wait for taurine ?
has anyone managed to get vnodebypass working and how? i'm on 14.4 with fugu14, i'm stuck on failed, it won't activate
someone plsss help me.  iphone xr running on ios 15.0.2 is actually can jailbreak ?  how to jailbreak my ipxr ios 15.0.2 ?
from what i've seen 14.4 users seemed to get the most from my recollection. but i dont know how much total accumulated by now installed the jb since it came out.
idk pwn20wnd blocked me on twitter because i asked him how to fix my phone boot-loop after i used u0 on ios 13
are you able to jailbreak a14 devices because im getting confused that you can and can not and if so which tool
hi all, do any of you know any yt tutorial to do jb on an iphone 11 pro max with (a13, ios 14.7.1 )?
i dont use themes when jailbreaking, i tweak how some shit ends up looking but im not a fan of changing how the whole of ios works
hi. i need to upgrade from ios 15.0.1 beta 3 to the newest 15.1 due  to battery draining (iphone 12 mini). if i have saved blobs can i later futurerestore to 15.0.1 beta3 if three will be a jailbreak? sorry for asking obvious questions but i'm new to jailbreaking.
you can go to 14.7.1 with delayed ota and keep face id but that means a few months more for jb and no untether
hey guys im using windows and have a iphone promax 12 with the latest update 15.1 is it possible for me to jailbreak it?
where you altstore wizards at? i need a little bit of assistance, on my iphone 11 pro (14.3) it can resign unc0ver no problem but it will not resign itself, it goes through but after relaunching it still shows the same 3 days left
i tried to update u0 from 7.0.0 to 7.0.2 so i sideloaded the new ipa and when i opened "untether" it was on 7.0.2 but it said unsupported (im using an iphone 12 on 14.4.2) so i restarted my phone and when i did it says u0 is on 7.0.1 and i can jb. is this bad?
but the guy that released the fugu unthetered jailbreak video said that it could be edited to go down to ios 14
i can install unc0ver, but i don't understand how to update fugu14 when i have jailbroken the original fugu14 device? who can help me
unc0ver doesnt work on xr as far as i know rn. fugu14 can only be installed on xs and up which unc0ver requires
i'm actually trying to update from 13.2 to 14.5 so i can jailbreak my ipad pro 3 with the new unc0ver
wow. seems like a lot of work to make sure your iphone works with next ios version you update to with sep and all that. lol. any security concerns staying on versions that old? i know that you are good if you only install reliable tweaks so i get that. i'd just be concerned about general use. eg. web browsing etc. nothing specific to the jailbreak.
you can't save on device blobs for that firmware unless you're jailbroken, and there is no jailbreak for 15b3 yet
is is possible that taurine automatically saves blobs? i saved blobs yesterday for the first time and when i went to tsssaver there were already saved blobs from 14.7.1 upwards. 11 pro, ios 14.2 atm
anybody got issues with revolut app and the jb detection(fugu14 ios 14.4)? i can only open it once when i reinstall it, and if i close it and open it again, it detects it again...
not possible, checkra1n is iphone x and below only. you either fell for a scam checkra1n or used a different jb
if anyone knows if you have paid for tweaks and you reinstall on a new ios and new jailbreak, would you need to pay again for the tweak?
guys i'm currently jailbroken on u0 ios 14.3 (iphone 12 pro)... how are we supposed to prepare for the upcoming ios 15 jailbreak? i think we cannot future restore directly to  ios 15.0 from ios 14 (12 pro) as sep is incompatible. can anyone please guide?
i havea  question: lets just say semi untethered jailbreak comes out for 15.1 - 14.6 can i jailbreak my iphone xs on ios 15.0.1 and then downgrade to a version that isnt signed?
hi, i tried to install unc0ver on my 11 pro (ios 14.4.2), after i clicked install untethered jailbreak it said to reboot an iphone. after i did that it said to open altstore and follow the instructions but after i opened it, it didnt show anything. it just says unc0ver is sideloaded and nothing happends. unc0ver icon didnt show on my home screen. what should i do?
iphone 12 pro max on 14.4.2, is it safe to jb using uncover 7 and fungu? any downsides? can i use faceid and lock still afterwards?
i am jailbroken with uncover on 14.2 on iphone x, can i use the new fangu exploit to go fully untether? or not supported?
yo guys is there any jailbreak for 15.0.2 im sorry for the dumb question ive never done any jailbreaking but i wanna do it
is there any chance that 15.0.2 will get a jb or 15.1 anytime soon ? any exploits been spoken about ?
any method to re-jailbreak iphone 12 pro without a pc? i was using unc0ver, no laptop access at the moment. just curious.
hey, is there any good tweaks to bypass jailbreak detection that works with snapchat? (iphone12pro 14.5.1)
quick question: hotel keycards use nfc, and therefore can be read and modified with a jb iphone, correct?
i like how the yt vid i watch about ios 15 jb news they like its coming soon xd soon as in very long time id hope for soon but idk
i don't really now how to do what you advised. at the moment itunes is offering me only these options. i think it will just, without any questions, update me to 15.1. i would not want that due to potential jb.
is there a profile that blocks updates for ios 15? just curious cause the last time i was on a jailbreakable version i accidently allowed a stoopid update to continue and lost opportunity lol but im on ios 15.0 and wont update anymore hopefully
i wanted to mean that new iphones last longer but after time of jailbreaking it starts getting trash
how can i get the ios 15.1 beta 3 that is still vulnerable to the iomfb vulnerability so that i can possibly jailbreak? i am currently on ios 15.1 on iphone 12, someone please ping me with an answer
send exploit i will send it to cuckstar so he can put a funny name on it and bundle sileo with stock ios downgrade
hey guys just wondering if you guys think that there will ever be any hope for a possible jailbreak for ios 15 in the future? is there any possiblility?
so if they released jailbreak for ios 14.8, i can update to it with delay ota for jailbreak then? (currently 14.4 jail broken) is that how it works?
hey guys. is there a way to use series 7 watch with ios 14? any jailbreak tweak? i have iphone 12 pro max 14.6 so was holding out for a jailbreak but i got a new series 7 watch lol
hello gents would appreciate if someone can share the best way to jailbreak ipad 6th gen on ios 14.4
i still have a 6 plus on ios 9 chillin somewhere that's effectively bricked lol but i can still use it with a jb mostly
honestly the jb was super smooth and i rebooted before, after that went fine i deleted the altstore and fugu14 app and now i rebooted again because my smart band glitched out and now the untethered app won't open, i reinstalled altstore but it's asking me if i want to run the untether fugu14 step again and i'm like "i don't know, help"
there's absolutely nothing for 15 (news, exploits etc) , however if any did come in the future they'd be rootless
just wasnt sure cause some guy on twitter was saying that the jailbreak actually wouldnt work for 15.0.1 when released
right iam on the page (sorry new to jb scene) i meant i dont really understand how a blob will let me download an unsigned version of ios, just wanted to know the process of how to do that
quick question. i am on ios 14.5 if an ios 15 jailbreak comes out sometime in the near future but for an older version (say the latest is 15.4 and the exploit or whatever works till 15.1) would it be possible for me to upgrade only till 15.1 ?
true also i was on iphone xr and i accidentally upgraded to 15.1 beta 3 when i was on 14.7.1 is there a jailbreak coming soon on 15.1 beta 3?
just curious, does anyone know how long it will probably take for jailbreak ios 15? i'd be curious to know the general history. eg. 5 months average for each new release.
dumb question, but ive got an iphone 11 and i made an ios 15.0 blob when it released, and if this potential exploit becomes a full jailbreak would this version work? all the videos ive seen all say 15.0.,1 but im not sure if 15.0 alone is compatible
even if you were on ios 15.1 beta 3 you would only be vulnerable to iomobileframebuffer, no one has made a working exploit from it yet tmk
i think i can downgrade with unsigned. without jailbreak. i have a seloution but why risk it on my only ipad
yeah, as long as you don't mind having some annoying alerts asking you to update that can only be turned off by setting the date back... but 15.0.2 is gonna take longer for a jb probably
with news on exploit cve-2021-30883, would anybody advise people with ios 14.6-14.8 to upgrade to ios 14.8.1?
can brand iphones be updated to a specific version and not the latest so they can have the untethered jb?
i'm on ios 14.1 right now. i want to jailbreak in the future, should i update to ios 15 or stay where i am and wait. (iphone x)
yes i know. but i waiting ios 15 jailbreak and when it succes cani i update my version to 15 with futurerestore. that's how i know
can i jb on my phone 14.4 iphone 12 pro max with jailbreaks.app and not have to use a computer??? i am a little hungover and ducked up rncbut i want to jb this moment
you could futurerestore to 14.5.1 and then jailbreak with u0 or wait for taurine 14.5.1 ( recommended )
hey, i was wondering if i should upgrade my iphone 11 from 13.3.0 to 15.1 beta 3 (if its still being signed and if its possible) since its vulnerable to the iomfb vulnerability. i am jailbroken with u0 right now.
it only supports a12+ for 14.4-14.5.1, although you can use checkra1n if you're a9 and not on ios 15
nope i not giving up quite yet ima fuck around with xcode and what ever other shit i need to compile  and cry my self to sleep and hopefully keep ios 14 and my jb
why is there such a big difference between 14.7.1 and 14.5, like holy fuck apple just let me jailbreak
i am on the u0 v7.0.1 (14.4 a13). how can i update it to the latest version, v7.0.2? what is the updating method?
is a untethered jailbreak on ios 14 only out yet? i have iphone xs max on ios 14 jailbroken already used unc0ver
would it be best to just go ahead and use the backup on the iphone 13 without doing anything to get rid of the jailbreak files?
i saw somewhere that checkrain was confirmed to work in ipad ios 14.8.1... so does that mean i can jailbreak my iphone 11 pro max on ios 14.6 now?
i got locked from snapchat while using choicy, could it be that i was using autotouch? i jailbreaked with fugu14 ios 14.4 iphone 11 2days ago. but only 1 of my snap acc got banned (the one that got banned is my main)
yo, can someone help me? i have checkra1n and an iphone 8 on 14.5.1, and every time i press skip a11 bpr check, checkra1n becomes unresponsive and i have to restart my entire pc
damn. phone just died. rebooted into a non jailbroken state. i re-jb through the untethered unc0ver. it took awhile to boot up. i got scared for a second because there was a black screen with no response after the apple logo popped up. but after about a minute. my phone booted into a jailbroken state without any issues. just a little lag. (ip11 ios 14.4 unc0ver 7.0.1)
the spreadsheet in reddit shows iphone x works with checkra1n. you are saying my device is not supported?
can anyone help me with jailbreak? iphone x ios 14.8 with checkra1n. (linux installed) i trust phone and computer, and no matter what i do, checkra1n just says "connect your iphone, ipod touch, ipad, or appletv to begin." if i enter recovery mode, checkra1n says something like "please enter manual mode." i then get out of recovery mode and back to square 1.
i've been jailbreaking since before 2.0. the jailbreak itself is easy. i always run into stupid bs like this. not being able to properly download icloud. like wtf...i can jb tf out of my iphones and ipods but i can't get itunes or icloud to download properly....
you can get it on windows by using bootra1n or odysseyn1x to boot into a usb that has checkra1n. did it with my iphone x.
i meant is it possible to make fugu14 function like older untethers meaning that you only jailbreak once and the device remain jailbroken after reboot.
hey is there a way to downgrade ios 14.5 to ios 14.3, i wanna use unc0ver instead of booting up my pc
last question for now. what jb would you recommend for an iphone 5, ios 10.3.4. also, are there any good places to look for tweaks for such legacy hardware?
all good, been trying out this u0, forgot how bad it was lmao, even with fugu14, gonna wait out taurine
u can ... if your device is on 14.5.1 too, with dump on-board blobs method (need jailbreak of course)
people, dont use u0 for untether. i am not saying its a bad jailbreak or anything, just if you want stability, battery life, wait for taurine15
hi i got a question, my phone currently has ios 13.3 and i want to update it to 14.2 (cause unc0ver only support until 14.3) but when i try to update from itunes or from phone it only allowed me to update ios 15 how can i update it to 14.2 ?
can somebody help a noob like me? i've been googling for 3 hours and tried a bunch of tutorials that don't work. what is the best way to get an unthetered  jailbreak on a v10.3.2 iphone 7+?
i am a total idiot when it comes to jailbreak, but i recently got interested, and i have an iphone 11 running on ios 15.1 can i jailbreak, and also- how?
however that means that if you sideload u0 with altstore 1.4.8, you shouldn't *need* to sideload fugu14 as well
aight so i actually can stay from now on on ios 13.5 and whenever an ios 15 jb gets released i update to the newest ios 15 version available at that time and from there i downgrade e.g. to ios 15.0.1 right ?
that being said, yes there's a possibility of a bootloop on 7.0.0 but it got updated, havent seen reports of a bootloop yet but dont jb if you're scared of the worst case scenarios
hi guys, i'm currently on an iphone 8 plus ios 13.x.x, i'd like to upgrade to the latest jailbreakable ios 14 version, does anyone have a clue where i should start? i know that ios 14 isn't signed anymore so i should use some kind of unsigned version sign program
is the uncover jailbreak for 14.4 with fugu as stable as any other normal uncover jailbreak? or are there more risks
is there a list of apps with jailbreak detection and if and how they are bypassable? i'm happy i can jailbreak my 12 mini on 14.4.1 finally after i messed up last april but i want to see how jailbreaking would affect my apps i use the most
hey i have the new ipad air 4th gen but it came with a different charging cable does anyone know how to jailbreak it?
hi, is it really possible to download unc0ver + fugu14 only through a tweak and using a jailbreak, that is, without a pc
my iphone 12 version is 14.8. anyway i could get it to 14.5.1 or any other version that can be jailbreaked?
does anyone know if the new jailbreak 14.5.1 will require a computer in the near future? i don't want to buy a new computer at the moment.
just a question to clear some stuff up, is fugu14 and unc0ver 7.0.1 safe and stable enough to use on a main device yet?
yo so i installed fugu14 and i have this problem on my phone where whenever i sideload something (such as altstore) it doesnt show up on my springboard until i restart my iphone completely.. how tf do i proceed with installing fugu14??
can i still just install u0 7.0.1 for better stability on my 14.3 xr without fugu because i dont give a fuck about being tethered or not but u0 6.2.0 is so unstable on my phone
does that unc0ver update mean i can jailbreak on 14.5? without having to run the exploit through xcode and all
does that unc0ver update mean i can jailbreak on 14.5? without having to run the exploit through xcode and all
so that means its possible? like is there an exploit that was released that would mean 13-14.5.1 could all be untethered?
hello, i literally don't speak english, i do everything from a translator. who could help me do the jailbreak? i have an iphone 11 ios 15.02 i've been trying for 5 days to get someone to help me until i get here ...
hi ! i wanna jailbreak my iphone with checkrain but i do not know what the latest version is supported can somebody help me ?
if you can't follow written instructions and need help from others fugu14 is not a jailbreak for you. wait for taurine
14.5.1 and below (technically only 14.3 and below has a **stable** jailbreak), but you can't downgrade anymore
hey, i got an ipad pro (2nd gen) 2017 on ios 14.6. i can jaiulbreak it with checkra1n but am i able to replace checkra1n with odysseyra1n? the ios.cfw site doesnt mention a10x as processor i am kinda confused rn
also if someone can help me i have an ipad 2 okay i jb it a long time ago wanted to modify sound files to have louder volume since i have europa limit of volume protection
will fugu14 update to some simpler way to jailbreak? i mean theoretically. no use macos possible? thx
yo i just got a new iphone and i wanna learn how to jailbreak. i have an ios 14.4 can anyone please help me
alright i just came back to hear about the new fugu14 jailbreak that came out. quick question tho, is it only out for mac or can u use a windows computer using a virtual mac???
guys i have saved the 15.1 beta 3 blobs and ipsw file, i am currently on the 15.1 final version, do i have to downgrade now or can i wait for a jailbreak first?
there is no kernel exploit for 14.6 a jailbreak is literally not possible , safari jailbreak is a lie
i am usually optimistic but until 2022 there will be no unc0ver or taurine or any jailbreak safari for 14.6
deff didn't just get in trouble for jailbreaking a school ipad lol, i didn't get i. trouble i just have to have it wiped every day till christmas break and can't take it home
not an support help but just some opinion, my grandparents has broken an iphone 8 and wanted me to get pictures of it. never seen it yet but they said there are lines on the screen which is not good for me. how do i access the photos if i cannot access the pc access button thing. also if they let me have it, should i replace the screen and jailbreak it and make it an main phone from my cracked corner 11?
my newly jailbreaked iphone is a bit broken some of the bottom of the screen dont work so no control centres anyone got a tweak that can move control centre to the side of the screen instead of bottom so i can use it
anyone tried to install fugu14 by themselves? if yes, did it work or did u get an error along the way?
question for more talented than i, iphone 11 pro verizon 256gb ios 14.3 uncover not 7.0, blobs saved and i believe to be valid, can i safely upgrade this to 14.5.1 and how ? future restore and then rejailbrrak and untether with fugu?
can someone help me so like my iphone is jb and is on ios 12 when i try to update it starts loading and then stucks on mid and then givr an error
taurine, uncover, iirc the iphone 8 is vunerable to checkm8 so you could use checkra1n if you wanted
eyy fellas. ipad 6th gen currently jailbroken on 12.4. i assume my only upgrade path is wait for a 15.1 jailbreak, and is there any real reason to leave 12.4? lol
so if i go back to 15.1 (in the future) i can enjoy a jb experience without having to suffer it unjb when shutdown?
is it possible to be a jb tester cuz i have a dozen old iphones that go way back 2 iphone 8 and firmwares all the way to ios 10
hey everyone i was screwing around with my systemversion.plist file and i was jailbroken with taurine and i really messed up. i have a 12 pro max on ios 14.1 but my file says 14.8 and i can't restore rootfs with taurine because the button shows unsupported and whenever i try to either jailbreak with unc0ver or restore rootfs with it and it gets stuck. is there anything i can do to be able to force taurine to work or ssh into my iphone from my computer so i can change my systemversion.plist file back to normal? i know messing around with this file was a bad idea but i needed to do it and now i'm stuck.
is there any way, with just an iphone running ios 15.0.1 and a computer, to downgrade to a jailbreakable ios version?
is it possible to do the new 1.14.2 jailbreak on windows because it says i need to have xcode installed
is there a way to jailbreak an ipad 7 on ios 14.7.1 without a pc? my ipad has some charger connection issues
i guarantee there is one that hasn't been dropped and probably won't be dropped. jailbreaking on ios 15 needs some work anyway though
"fugu14 is an (incomplete) ios 14 jailbreak, including an untether (persistence), kernel exploit, kernel pac bypass and ppl bypass." unc0ver simply uses the exploits brought with fugu14, fugu 14 is not a jailbreak **yet**.
fugu14 doesnt give you cydia, its more like downloading java so minecraft can run... java is not a game, it is a group of code by being a programming lanaguage.
yes, but unc0ver can work without that png, for ios verions 14.4 - 14.5.1 it cannot work without fugu14
hey, i am really new to jailbreak and ios stuff. i recently updated my phone to ios 15.2 developer beta 1 and thought it would be cool to install a jailbreak onto it. is it possible? (by the way, my phone is iphone 13 pro max)
im running ios 14.8 on my old iphone. ios 15.1 on my new iphone. ive never jailbreaked before. i was wondering if there are any jailbreaks for ios 14.8 that dont require a pc. (just to make things easy and understandable for my 2 braincells)
"a proper release will be avaible soon, if youre a dev or know what youre doing heres how to use fugu14 and u0."
hey i've been long gone from the jailbreak community but finally came back to ios and bought an iphone 12 it came with 14.6. so is there any chance or possibility for a jailbreak?
hey is there any way that i can update my watch without updating  my phone cause im on iso 13.5 for now waiting for the ios 15 jb but i want o have the new features for the watch is there any way to do that?
hey is there any way that i can update my watch without updating  my phone cause im on iso 13.5 for now waiting for the ios 15 jb but i want o have the new features for the watch is there any way to do that?
hey just a quick question. i'm currently on 14.1 on my xs. so if i update my phone to 14.5 or 14.5.1 i can use unc0ver with fugu14, right?
hi everyone i just joined this group. does anyone know when there will be a jailbreak for ios 14.7.1 iphone 11 devices?
hello guys i follow the instructions and fugu14 shows me black screen on ios 14.4.2 on iphone 12 pro max any solutions to fix this ??
i had  to disconnect my iphone bc i was stuck on a loop where it would go back to "checkinf if device is ready" when it was about to finish jailbreaking. i was using odisseyn1x. how do i turn it on now?
i know this has been answered before but is there any way to run apk or android emulation on ios 14.3 with jailbreak?
this is probably a stupid question but are there any jailbreaks for the iphone 13 pro? or any potential jailbreaks
quick help guys, whats the highest ios version possible on iphone 7plus rn with unc0ver support?? currently on 14.4.1
you save blobs when said ios is signed so that when you have a jb for your current ios you can downgrade
if there is anything at all i can do to downgrade my phone from ios 15.1b3 to ios 14.5 please enlighten me. i don't want to miss the new jb and i don't want to buy a new phone. i also don't feel like waiting an entire year for the ios 15 jailbreak.
one question, if i do checkrain on ios 15.1 and something goes wrong, can i restore with itunes and everything will be back to normal?
so seriously, i have 2 updates to choose from, 14.8, and 15.1. which should i update to to possibly get closer to a potential jailbreak since 14.7.1 seems impossible?
yeah fuck it i'm just going to 15.1 beta 3 i want some of the features that were released in 14 and jailbreaking isn't really working for me right now
well my iphone just getted stuck in recovery mode doing checkra1n and my pc doesnt recongize my ipphone anyone knows about this issue? i changed the cable and noothing happened
unfortunately a jailbreak for 14.x and ios 15 will be released in 2022, if you are in one of those versions say goodbye to the jailbreak this year xd
how likely do yall pristine members of the jailbreak community think we get a jailbreak for ios 15 in the span of 2 months
so let me get this straight, if i'm on 15.0.2, i should go to ios 15.1 beta 3 for the iofmb exploit? or is there anything that i'm getting wrong here?
then i would do it. you can bet on 15.1 beta 3 and below getting a jailbreak due to that kernel bug thing
guys, if i'm on 14.1 and i want to jailbreak to ios 15.1 beta 3 in the future, what should i do? update now and wait or...v
okay, also if i save ios 15 blobs and update to a the new ios 15 versions can i downgrade back to the 1st ios 15 version when jailbreak comes out?
yeah, you're right, my bad. i thought that the fugu had ios15 support, which i guess it does, but it hasn't really been implemented properly yet
i have to wonder how many people actually have macos *and* xcode *and* figured out the fugu14 instructions
any one here jailbreak his phone with fugu14 ? or all of u still waiting to get figu included in uncover or turine ??
is there any semi untethered on 14.7.1 yet? im on checkra1n currently but ive heard some people say there might be a semiuntether out
i think after 3-4 month later there will be proper jailbreak for 14.4.2 , they released for developer not for average people... very risky bois
okay it mean not safe ...no stable jailbreak yet for this version i am waiting for long . , i should buy 2nd hand iphone 7-8 around to do all mods...
i have ios 13.5 on my iphone x jail broken by uncovered. can i update to ios 14.6.1 when i have shsh blob saved and also have face id enabled?
pretty sure 14.0-14.1 can use another kernel exploit instead of cicuta_virosa cicuta_virosa untether will suck anyways
its easy. blobs can help you to get back to a version you saved before. so like for example you saved blobs for 14.3 and are now on 14.5.1. you can use this jailbreak to revert back to 14.3 if you want
if i'm reading what's been said correctly. pwn never had access to the actual untether until linus released it. pwn had made builds that linus would test with fugu14's privilege escalation by handing off the escalation to unc0ver.
can't iomfb be used for a 14.7 ip11 jailbreak? i don't care about an eta but it's just possible right?
think about it. whitenames can barely flash a usb. do you think they'll be able to figure out how to run fugu14 without bootlooping?
i have a feeling this will be the same situation as when u0 was released for ios 14. gonna bootloop some devices due to no testing
besides fugu14 that will release in a little bit, are there any other jailbreaks for 14.6 that work on an ipad mini 4?
i swear to god if i see another fucking shitename asking when eta or anything about fucking fugu14 i am going to do something horriblei swear to god if i see another fucking shitename asking when eta or anything about fucking fugu14 i am going to do something horriblei swear to god if i see another fucking shitename asking when eta or anything about fucking fugu14 i am going to do something horriblei swear to god if i see another fucking shitename asking when eta or anything about fucking fugu14 i am going to do something horrible
i swear to god if i see another fucking shitename asking when eta or anything about fucking fugu14 i am going to do something horrible
i swear to god if i see another fucking shitename asking when eta or anything about fucking fugu14 i am going to do something horrible
i might aswell buy a iphone new in box or some shit just to get ios 14 lul. didnt his banner said 14 support could be enabled? or does the untether exploit go back to 13.5 and the exploit for the jb goes to some 14.6 betas or im just the big stupid
the real question is?how does one go from unc0ver to fugu14? built in compatibility?? restore rootfs needed?
wanna know whats funny?once linus releases,everyones gonna install fugu14,bootloop or not know how to use ssh,then complain
with chimera u can  jailbreak ios 14.4-14.6 and beta u just have to verify ur not robot and add moms credit card and lick deez balls
hi everyone! had a question regarding the untethered drop in about hours. so the kernel exploit was patched on 14.6, but... could the vulnerabilities used in the 14.5.1 jailbreak be used in some way on 14.6? we still need a 14.6 kernel exploit but, will them work? thanks!
im on 14.6, once a jb comes i could go to 14.2-14.5.1, i don't think the untether is worth losing face id tho
hello im trying to jailbreak my ipod 6th gen, should i be using checkra1n or is there a better alternative ?
im not expecting anything, im saying that ios nowadays feels complete and we dont need to jailbreak because its not missing anything important
for real, i came back to ios this month after like 5 years of android and i couldnt find a reson to jailbreak it seems like the software is providing everything we used to jailbreak for
now is 14.4.1 jailbreak released for xs max? i don't understand what's going on now can someone tell me please how many months have i been waiting for this
can confirm don't update, i've been on 14.4.2 for about a year now and we're just now getting a jailbreak for it soon
hi guys, when fugu14 comes out, can i change appnonce and downgrade from 14.4 to 14.3 via futurerestore? if i downgrade, i will have problems with face id, right?
is there a way i can flash an older version of ios (unsigned) on my iphone 5c so i can get an untethered jailbreak?
i have ios 14.5.1 and iphone 8 (gsm) i jalibroke with checkra1n however everytime in cydia i install a tweak and launch to my springboard it loads forever and then crashes back to the apple logo and reboots my phone thus breaking my jailbreak.
so i have a question has there been any noise on the ios15 jb front ever since the last announcement?
!t yt youtube is a shitpost first of all, second of all, you cannot jailbreak 14.4 without a computer
hey, i want to jailbreak my iphone 8, on 14.4 without a computer, but youtube is not helping, can someone help me
hey im pretty new with jailbreaking, my iphone is on version 15.0.1, is there any available jailbreak for it? or is there one coming?
if fugu14 comes out tomorrow, can i set my appnonce to 0x1111111111111111 and downgrade via futurerestore?
my phone came on 13.1.3 and then i updated to 13.3 and then like, 3 months later, a jailbreak released for ios 13.3 and then i had to update to ios 14.3 for my apple watch and then like a month after that, a jailbreak came out for 14.3
i mentioned that they could use checkm8 nonce setter since there isnt a jb for ios 15, and they got pissed and think im mocking them for knowing something they didnt
hey guys not asking for eta but when will the untether jailbreak be released? and when ios 15 jailbreak for 13 pro?
i found a destroyed iphone 6s in the trash but can't see the info (how many gb it has). only checkra1n recognises that it has ios 14.7.1 and the ecid but nothing more.
hey so i got my iphone 12 pro and now i am wondering if and how i can jailbreak it? its on ios 15 and i dont have a pc
guys i have a doubt.. iam in 14.5.1 but i saved blob from 14.6. can i extract the blob once i jailbreak?
is their any ios 15 jb development going on? wondering if only poc is getting developed rn or even ios 15 is
i wanna buy a cheap iphone 6s so i can make tweaks while testing multiple jailbreak methods (upcoming  untether, odyssey, taurine, u0)
with untethered jb how extra careful do i need to be with no blobs for xr on 14.5 ? i guess there's not like a guide about it since it's not out yet
im sorry to ask, i havent owned an iphone in about 7 years and picked up an xr today, is 15.0.1 something i can jailbreak? a lot of what i see looks scammy and i dont know if projects like this are even hosted on github, not sure where to begin and start reading.
is there a way i can downgrade from 15.02 i want to jailbreak my phone i have an i phone cr just add me pls
so i backed up my phone back in june when i was on taurine and ios 14.3 on my xs max so i finally got the screen fixed and i tried to restore my back up and once the restore was finished i got stuck in a apple boot loop is there anyway i can fix my back up or is it corrupted
iphone xr and idk just went to youtube to see how to jailbreak ios 14.3 and it said to use altstore but it says i need mac os 10.14.4 and i have 10.14.3 on my school computer.
loveyou reminds me of someone i met once who wanted a jb on latest ios and said "why dont they just make one"in context we were talking about how there wasnt a bug or exploit for it
returning to jail breaking after a few years, i have a iphone 12 running 14.7.1 can i jailbreak or do i have to upgrade to 14.8
i mean if ur stuck on bootloop theres not much u can do if u restore u can just re jailbreak it and ull still have ur tweaks as long as ur ios is still the same
trying to jailbreak iphone 7 plus on ios 10.2.1, can someone tell me which is the best tool to do that please?
hi there, i have an iphone 7, icloud unlocked, with ios 15.0.1, i want to jailbreak it, anyone can tell me how to do this, please.
in theory. with a private exploit, running a m1 ipad jailbreak, is there any way to emulate windows or linux ?
hey, im new to the jailbreak scene - i have 15.0.2 - usually how long does a jailbreak take to get released ? is it like 2 months later ?
i'm on 14.8 but i have the jailbreak checkrain but i can never turn off the phone hopefully a jailbreak will arrive soon at least semi untered
i'm on 14.8 but i have the jailbreak checkrain but i can never turn off the phone hopefully a jailbreak will arrive soon at least semi untered
coolstar released the ios 13.7 jailbreak in a day when the kernel exploit was released so all she did was copy paste
for the untether that will be released should i jailbreak on day 1 iphone xr ios 14.5.1 or wait and see if theres any bugs? i dont think its a risk at all just making sure yk
has anyone tried replacing binaries from one ios to the next? like if something had an update could swap the binary and it be happy even in a non-jb state, since it's got an apple signature?
anyway it's tethered because i had to disable sealing for this boot and then installed the 14 strap from taurine
``ifaith is an open source shsh dumper for the windows family of operating systems written by ih8sn0w. it works on all devices that are susceptible to the limera1n exploit (all devices before the ipad 2). this is useful if you receive a device with old firmware on it that you want to be able to restore. even if apple doesn't sign that firmware anymore, you can backup the shsh data directly from the device, so that you can install the firmware later again to avoid upgrading the firmware.``
i am new on iphone. i have the iphone 13 and test the latest 15.1. how can jailbreak this? i read with 15.0.1 but how and what i need for this?
hey currently on unc0ver ios 13.3.1. i was able to jailbreak it get cydia. however it froze and once i restated my iphone every time i go back to jailbreaking and it says it's good to go with no errors it just boot loops on the apple logo. any thoughts?
if it were me i would keep the 12 on 14.2.1 because in the future if you go to upgrade your phone, you'll have an old device you can jb untethered. if you're able to you might update one of the iphone x's to ios 15 but 15 has been incredibly unstable especially if it's 15.0. tbf 12.4 and 13.3 are jailbreakable on the iphone x already so you don't rly need to update them
ok everyone before i update to ios 15.0.2 and say goodbye to jailbreaking for a couple years, is their anything i can do? im on ios 14.7 and have 14.3 blobs?
i switched from android to ios after years. i missed the whole jailbreaking and how much better it is then android
my anti apple step dad says "you can't buy an iphone because you'll just mess with it anyways and if you jailbreak it apple can see, you've been lucky with your android phones" ???wat
why? apparently it was done in only 15 seconds so i would assume the exploit is not overly difficult? i know nothing of jaikbreaking code wise so i could be wrong just trying to understand why
i just realized the usb port of my device is probably dead, is there a jailbreak that doesn't require it? ios 12.5.5.
dont use it, fugu14 is only useful for devs atm, the exploit will be released and it can be implemented into a jailbreak thats meant for the average user
how would i go about updating from ios 13.5 to 15? i used unc0ver and never messed with rootfs or blobs, is there any good article out there you can recommend or any advice?
jailbreak ios 15.0.1 update | progress to ios 15 jailbreak has been completed! if you've been waiting for ios 15 jailbreak or ios 15.0.1 jailbreak, good news has come out! with the release of the ios 15.0.1 jailbreak exploit, patternf made a video of a jailbreak demo using the ios 15 jailbreak exploit on their iphone 11. the video shows using the ios 15 jailbreak ios 15.0.1 exploit on his iphone 11, he is capable of ssh on his device. this is not possible without the use of an exploit. this is great news for anyone who wants to jailbreak ios 15.0.1, jailbreak ios 15 or even jailbreak forgotten ios 14 firmwares. if patternf has done ssh before, you need to be thinking about what the unc0ver team has if they are also working on an ios 15 jailbreak.
hello, currently on ios 13.5, i want to update to ios 15 but im not quite sure how to do it. i understand that i wont be able to downgrade once i update. i haven't messed with anything related to rootfs or blobs, but i did use unc0ver to jailbreak. i look forward to jailbreaking when a new one comes out, any advice or articles someone can link me to?
not jailbreak related; could be just me. ios 15 broke personal hotspot on my 12 mini. anyone else having this problem?
hey guys, i got an iphone xr with ios 14.6. is there a jailbreak available ? my ipad pro 2017 with ios 14.6 is working with checkrain.
you can't jailbreak on ios 15 right now, but if you still want to update, best version for a future jb would be 15.0.1 (use futurerestore if you have blobs, delayed ota otherwise)
ios 15.0.2 users who want to jailbreak ios 15.0.2 have some bad news their way! the ios 15.0.2 jailbreak will not be coming out, mainly because the current jailbreak release is for ios 15.0.1 only. this means that users on ios 15.0.2 need to downgrade to ios 15.0.1 in order to enjoy a jailbreak. unfortunately, apple has unsigned ios 15.0.2, meaning you didn't downgrade, waiting to jailbreak ios 15.0.2 will be very tedious. to everyone who successfully downgraded ios 15.0.2 back to ios 15.0.1, congrats! you will be able to enjoy an ios 15 jailbreak, when it is released in the coming months.
anybody know a way how i can downgrade my iphone 11 pro from ios 15.0 to an ios 14.x and jailbreak it ?
wait for the ios 14 jailbreak to come out, then you can update to ios 15 with your blobs when that is eventually jailbroken
hi! i'm about to buy iphone 13 pro max this weekend, is it possible for it to be jailbreak? i came from s9+, it broke yesterday thinking of buying ip13 pro max.
yo guys. i am a returning jailbreaker and i honestly have no clue about the current situation. but! as far as i can tell. there is no working jailbreak for ios 14.8 a11 devices (iphone x)... right?
hey, didn't read a lot about jailbreak these days but if i have blobs for 14.5.1 can i upgrade from 13.5 to this version or it doesnt work anymore ?
iphone 12 pro max ios 14.4.1 should i update and till which version so i still can jailbreak with fugu 14
im pretty out of the loop so im sorry if this is a dumb question but is there a jb out for iphone 12 pro
do we have any estimate on when we will have a fully functional ios 15 jb. i need quite a few features and what about sep and baseband compatibility between ios 14.3 and 15.0.1?
is there going to be any untethered jb for ios 13? i've searched evereywhere but couldnt find an answer
it's equal to 15.0.1 for jailbreak purposes and while 15.0.1 is better it's unsigned and 15.1 beta 3 is a beta and after a while it will nag you constantly in a way which cannot be bypassed (but can be ignored) until you go to a full release
can i save blobs for 15.1 beta 3 and restore to it if a jailbreak releases in the future or maybe through ota delay?
anyone know how to update to 15.1 beta 3 using itunes to install the stable version preferred for jailbreak?
is there anyone i can follow for updates on a14 jailbreak for 12 pro? sitting at ios 14.4 so that should be the next one to be available
tbh i can understand them on some point, every new ios update gets so many features that were jailbreak-only that its less necessary to jailbreak your phone
whats the best thing i can do to be ready to get a jailbreak on my 12 pro max. im restoring to 15.0.1 rn
so since fugu14 is said to support 14.5.1 max, if i had blobs for 14.5.1 and am in 14.3 rn. i could update right?
does anyone have an estimated amount of time it'll take for ios 15.0.1 jailbreak to come out? i know we don't know and please don't redirect me to the faq again, just an estimate?
!t delayota you can go to 14.7, 14.7.1, or 14.8 and still be able to jailbreak (albeit no sep functionality while in jailbroken state)
hey guys im on ios 13.4 and im trying to upgrade to 14.x that will still allow me to jailbreak with uncover can anyone plz help me
is there anything that can make ios 15 better? i like most things but its just bad on proformance and battery, i assume not untill a jb comes out for it
so is it finally possible to jailbreak my iphone xr on ios 14.4.1? or will i have to wait a little while longer?
does anyone know if jailbreak for iphone 11 pro 14.6 will be a thing in the future or is it not possible
how long do you guys think it'll take for an ios 15 jailbreak? im on ios 15.0 on an xs and kinda curious
there has been released a new poc of ios 15.0.1 and lower and might result on semi untether jailbreaks
so, quick question. i've got 14.3 on my iphone x at the moment. can i ota update to 14.5, 14.6 or 14.7 right now to prepare for the new exploits?
you can go to latest ios with dfu mode just know we might not get a jailbreak for a really long time
hello, i messed up my iphone a bit. i don't know a lott about tech and jailbreaking an d right now my iphone is in a sort of half jailbroken state and i just whant to restore everyting and update to the newest ios without jailbreak, is there a way to achieve this?
bruh, i am new to jailbreak and saved ios 15 blobs a few weeks ago and then i thought i could update to ios 15.0.2 because there were so many bugs and thought i could downgrade without jailbreak. thank god i did some more research before updating lol.
hi, have an iphone pro max on 15.0.1, i have saved blobs for ios 14.1 and 14.2. my phone is currently not jail broken. can i use these previously saved blobs to downgrade my device so i can jailbreak on ios 14.2? thanks
i am transferring my data fom an iphone 7 ( jailbroken ) to a iphone 12 mini ( new ) how do i not transfer the jb file to iphone 12
i used delayed ota to upgrade to 14.7. however i fogot to restore rootfs. the upgrade was successful and i am now on 14.7. how can i get rid of the remaining jb files?(some apps still detect)
yeah, works on 14.6b1, no one knows about any other builds (no offsets), and 14.6 final doesn't support either the kernel exploit or the untether
a jailbreak for ios 15 isn't available yet, your best bet is to turn off automatic update and do not upgrade
when you get used to jailbreaking and not jailbreak for a while you understand just how much jailbreaking is better then normal ios
i would like to understand (not trying to solve something) how does 1) unc0ver breaks software update and 2) how does that change gets backed up then inherited on a restore from that backup. i have looked into thephonewiki but have not found. i'm genuinely interested in how it works, just out of curiosity.
ngl i just remembered i got a 6th gen (whichever was the one after the lanyard pod) ipod i can jailbreak
how long (if at all) do you guys think it will take for a publicly available jailbreak for 15.0.1 to show up?
i am on jb using unc0ver on ios 13.5. how do i delete jailbreak and update to latest os without deleting my phone?
i'm just going to downgrade 15.0.2 to 15.0.1 and wait for jailbreak....  wanted to go back to 14.8 but can't set nonce...
hey, my friend tries to use checkrain on his iphone 6s on 14.6 and its always stuck at booting, can someone help?
okaaay. im getting a 6s today, probably gonna go to 14.8 or any newest 14, and then to 15 when checkra1n drops
i recommend saving blobs for 15.0.1 while it's being signed rn so you can upgrade later when a jailbreak comes out
hi i just got back into jailbreaking and cydia says this when i try to do anything (install anything or update the 36 new system packages) im on checkra1n and ios 12.4.5
all my stuff is getting jacked up, apple pay, powerschool etc is no longer working, ive been jailbroken since taurine for ios 14.3 came out and its just now fucking up, any reasons?
didnt some dude find a way to have tethered jb on 14.4+ on a 12, remember a channel mentioning source would be released on 21st?
hello. i tried to jailbreak my iphone 6s with ios 15.0.1 from checkra1n with the "allow untested ios versions" option selected and it was stuck and isnt booting anymore. please give me a fix urgently
anybody knows why everytime i jailbreak my apple watch disconnects and never wanna connect to my iphone again?
oh ok thanks and also since i have the blob this means that let say i wait till the ios 15.0.1 jb is available but then that version isnt sogned anymore i can still download it with the blob right?
alright so you can either go to 15.0.1 (or 14.7.1 and lose face id) and wait to jailbreak that, or you can stay and possibly get an untethered jailbreak
heard there was vulnerability on ios 15 is the any jailbreak yet? i also saw that altstore was working for ios 15 thats why am asking
i'm down for testing the poc exploit on my ipados 14.4.2, though i need help on how to extract the panic log as my ipad is unjailbreakable as of right now
can i jailbreak my iphone se (1st) on ios 14.7.1? the checkra1n app is saying that i can't because the os is too new.
someone kept saying "why isnt unc0ver working 14.7" or something then i said "its not out because you havent made it yet" then they said "what a r word"
ok so if a jailbreak is coming for ios 14.4 then i should just wait, then i can futurerestore to 15 once i'm jailbreakon if i want
i have a question. if im on ios 13.1 jailbroken and save my shsh blobs for ios 15.0.1 and if they come out with a jailbreak later on can i update to that ?
so before i upgrade to 15.0.1 is just restoring rootfs enough to make bankapps not notice anything jailbreak related or should i do something more to delete cydia and tweaks?
hi im currently on a iphone x 12.4 unc0ver and was reading that 15.0.1 will prolly be jailbroken in time. how do i clean my phone with the tweaks + jailbreak and upgrade to the new stock ios?
hi im currently on a iphone x 12.4 and was reading that 15.0.1 will prolly be jailbroken in time. how do i get rid of all tweaks + jailbreak and upgrade to the new ios?
it's *probably* possible but ios 15 jailbreak may take a few months even if they get it working on 14.x because of signed system volume shit
btw, i've heard of the iomfb vulnerability since i'm on a iphone xr with ios 15.0 (dev beta), and i was wondering about something. on the announcement, it's said that the vulnerability is found on "a11-a13" devices, but how does it mean ? does it mean that the vulnerability is on a11, a12, and a13 devices or only a11 and a13 ? (since i have a xr (a12) i wanted to ask because i really really wanna jailbreak lmao)
hello, i have a question. my iphone x is on 14.3 and jailbroken. can i update to 14.7.1 or 14.8 using the ota delay (supervised phone) method? in order to be prepared for when the new jailbreak gets released.
flower, what do you suggest i do in this situation: i got a new iphone that i want to jailbreak that is on ios 15. however, ios 15 is buggy and i want to get rid of those, but if i upgrade then i have to wait longer for jailbreak. what do you suggest?
so with the current vulnerabilities for ios 15.0.2 and lower is it possible to get a full root jailbreak? i heard people trying to say that there will only be rootless jailbreaks for ios 15
ok so basically there's a vulnerability up to 15.0.1 that can be used to develop an exploit later on
is there a legit way to jailbreak iphone most of the things i see makes me download an app and complete a survey or run it for 30 seconds or sign up just dumb shit
guess i'll have to wait for the iomfb exploit for 15.0.1, then i can set nonce to downgrade back to 14.5.1 to test untethered
quick question, currently on 15.0.1.  since exploit works on 15.1 beta, is there any harm in updating to it?
my prediction: this ios 14.5.1 untethered exploit could revitalize jailbreaking almost as much as checkra1n did.
i love how checkra1n locked out a12+ models. now this new vulnerability locks out a14+ models. just fucking great.
oh hold on you can still update to 14.6 ? should i do that from 14.5.1 but i do not have blobs for either. didn't realize you could save without jb until 14.7
hey could i downgrade my iphone x to 14.6 (i have blobs) for jailbreak? is sep gonna be fully compatible?
im on uncover 13.5 rn but its not very stable, i have to reinstall it everytime my phone shuts down from low battery. could i go to 14.x and would that help with stability?
hey guys i recently updated to 15 ios beta is there an update that has a jailbreak i can downgrade to?
can anyone point me in the direction of how to jailbreak an iphone 7 on ios 14.3 ? i have no idea what i need to use
how long does it  generaly take for people who do this sort of thing, to make it possible to jailbreak newer ios versions?
hey, just popped in this discord for a quick question? is it possible to jailbreak iphone 11 pro with 14.8 ios version?
guys is there any working jailbreak detection bypass for ios 14.3 with taurine? i tried vnodebypass but it didn't work... - iphone 11 pro
if there isn't any jailbreak now, is because if someone reports a flaw into ios, they give us 30 days and we give them $50000
you know whats funny that you wanted to jailbreak like a month ago and you were on 14.7.1 trying to use unc0ver, we told you to wait too. and then you proceed to show us a screenshot of you being on 15.0.1 in the unc0ver app
can i upgrade from jailbroken 13.7 to 14 and then jailbreak that too? are there any tools for half-updates?
wont upgrade to ios 15 until a new jb comes out thats reliable and its a version that i can upgrade too
hey basically i jailbroke my iphone 7 with checkra a while ago, but i kinda stopped redoing it everytime it would die, so i just went to update to update to ios 14.8 and 15 but it keeps saying it failed, could that be because of the jailbreak
(i did this on ios 14.8, which taurine doesn't support, just to make sure i could still install the app)
what chat do i ask questions in? like my 11 is on 14.2 is it jb? my 12 is on 14.4 can it also be jb? lol
will you be able to jailbreak on an ipad air 2 version  14.5.1 with unc0ver at any point in the future
hi. i'm still at ios 14.4.1, is there any reason for me to stay on ios 14.4.1 if i want to jailbreak my device in the future?
man i really want the 14.4 jailbreak so i can finally hack agar.io and take over the server and enjoy
hello, i'd like to change my ipad mini 6th gen. + cellular into a phone(receing phone calls, sms etc.) via jailbreak, is this possible?
not yet, but checkra1n will eventually support it, probably sooner than app based jbs but will take a while because of sealed rootfs on ios 15
yo i got a new phone: `iphone x` and i thought i had disabled auto updates but now it's on `15.0.1 (19a348)`. can i jailbreak this yet?
hello so basically i jailbroke my xs max on 13.5 with unc0ver about a year ago now, i haven't done anything to do with "blobs" or anything like that but i would like to update my phone to ios 15.0.1 and wait until a jailbreak comes out for that. what would be the proper steps to take to make sure that my phone is "ready" to update to 15.0.1? thank you.
any trust source for this information cuz i really tired from waiting even i bought a new ipad just to jailbreak it and feel some little bit of freedom
only is it possible with god to be pulled from pit of hell, taken from meth, given a new brain and heart (still in progress), and being a 31 yr droid user who doesnt know coding and learns how to jailbreak an iphone in under 5 hours. thank you jesus
i really meant 14.3 sorry im shell bro but it got stuck on the apple logo and i couldnt do much about it so rip to my jailbreak
so i used to jailbreak and i no longer do anymore and i just want to upgrade to ios 15 but im stuck on 14.0 because the jailbreak blocked the update function so it says an error occured if i go to update i used unc0ver how can i fix this?
is there any teet to predict when jailbreak will come out for ios 14.7.1 a13 devices like iphone se 2
i still kinda want to jb but the way they fucked it up for me even on the x, not being able to downgrade to 14 anymore with working face id, after trying out ios 15... it's kinda becoming not worth it for me to jb a daily driver anymore
hey guys, i have a problem but it's kinda against rule 5 of this discord. i bought an used iphone xr, ios 14.7.1, online, with a shattered screen. i replaced the screen, everything went well, but i then discovered activation lock was on, and apple won't unlock it without the invoice. i'm currently trying to contact the previous -previous owner of the iphone to get it, but in case it fails, is there any hope to transform this paperweight into an actual usable phone, through jailbreaking ?
hey, is it now possible to jailbreak 14.5? because my friend used an software with windows and it worked for him he has 14.6...
every year fewer people buy old iphones so it can be said that checkra1n is dying over time, they are facts tf
although i can't confirm yet if taurine works bc i don't have 14.3 patched files and it doesn't support 14.5.1 yet
i am not familiar with jailbreaking, but i have a theory on how to downgrade your iphone without blobs, i also have an interesting proof of that.  now first to the theory it should actually be possible to upgrade to any compatible version by connecting your iphone to a proxy server and the request intercepts what the list of available software updates carries and thus you could e.g. output ios 13 as the most current version although that  iphone only connects to a local web server on its own pc and loads the update.  and num to prove that i am currently on 14.7.1 but can defy the unsigned ios 14.8 download even though it is unsigned.  if this theory is stupid, feel free to correct me
i am not familiar with jailbreaking, but i have a theory on how to downgrade your iphone without blobs, i also have an interesting proof of that.  now first to the theory it should actually be possible to upgrade to any compatible version by connecting your iphone to a proxy server and the request intercepts what the list of available software updates carries and thus you could e.g. output ios 13 as the most current version although that  iphone only connects to a local web server on its own pc and loads the update.  and num to prove that i am currently on 14.7.1 but can defy the unsigned ios 14.8 download even though it is unsigned.  if this theory is stupid, feel free to correct me
i am not familiar with jailbreaking, but i have a theory on how to downgrade your iphone without blobs, i also have an interesting proof of that.  now first to the theory it should actually be possible to upgrade to any compatible version by connecting your iphone to a proxy server and the request intercepts what the list of available software updates carries and thus you could e.g. output ios 13 as the most current version although that  iphone only connects to a local web server on its own pc and loads the update.  and num to prove that i am currently on 14.7.1 but can defy the unsigned ios 14.8 download even though it is unsigned.  if this theory is stupid, feel free to correct me
i am not familiar with jailbreaking, but i have a theory on how to downgrade your iphone without blobs, i also have an interesting proof of that.  now first to the theory it should actually be possible to upgrade to any compatible version by connecting your iphone to a proxy server and the request intercepts what the list of available software updates carries and thus you could e.g. output ios 13 as the most current version although that  iphone only connects to a local web server on its own pc and loads the update.  and num to prove that i am currently on 14.7.1 but can defy the unsigned ios 14.8 download even though it is unsigned.  if this theory is stupid, feel free to correct me
i am not familiar with jailbreaking, but i have a theory on how to downgrade your iphone without blobs, i also have an interesting proof of that.  now first to the theory it should actually be possible to upgrade to any compatible version by connecting your iphone to a proxy server and the request intercepts what the list of available software updates carries and thus you could e.g. output ios 13 as the most current version although that  iphone only connects to a local web server on its own pc and loads the update.  and num to prove that i am currently on 14.7.1 but can defy the unsigned ios 14.8 download even though it is unsigned.  if this theory is stupid, feel free to correct me
i am not familiar with jailbreaking, but i have a theory on how to downgrade your iphone without blobs, i also have an interesting proof of that.  now first to the theory it should actually be possible to upgrade to any compatible version by connecting your iphone to a proxy server and the request intercepts what the list of available software updates carries and thus you could e.g. output ios 13 as the most current version although that  iphone only connects to a local web server on its own pc and loads the update.  and num to prove that i am currently on 14.7.1 but can defy the unsigned ios 14.8 download even though it is unsigned.  if this theory is stupid, feel free to correct me.
i have ios 12.5.5 with an iphone 5s. uncover is unsupported, is there another (preferably no computer) way to jb my phone?
technically even after futurerestore you can fix face id by restoring to ios 15 but no jb for that yet, and a semi-untether will take much longer than for 14.7.1
got my xr on 14.3 but can't get blobs, no nonce, no nothing....  came from apple with 14.3 and bah!  stuck on 14.3 even if 14.5.1 jb comes out.  smh!
i have an iphone xs max ios 14.6 is there any posible way to jailbreak or should i update to ios 15 and wait for the jailbreak for ios15 ?
you'd have to have blobs for 14.8 and be currently jailbroken to downgrade from ios 15 to ios 14.8. which isn't possible, since there is no jailbreak yet for ios 15.
good evening, i have an iphone xr in 14.7.1 i saw that i am not compatible with any jailbreak but would you have an alternative thank you!
ok, so bad timing for me.  i bought my iphone x on 14.7.1 (jailbreakable) but now ios stopped signing 14.8 and i was planning on backing up shsh blobs before this.  can i still (since i can jailbreak 14.7.1) upgrade to 14.8?
hey yall! can anyone private message me? i have a question about checkra1n and cli mode. i cannot boot my iphone x into normal mode, its bootlooped, but i am wondering if i can try and jailbreak it from dfu and boot it that way, but i cannot figure out the cli part of checkra1n
the majority of the jailbreak community will probably want to jailbreak ios 15 more than 14.8... but 14.8 jailbreak may be released later
if i'm on 13.3, will i be able to update to 14.5 and jailbreak anytime soon or is the best option for me to just update to 15 and wait?
is there any way to jailbreak my ios 13.3 iphone? tried a couple things but nothing seems to work the way i hope lol
this a dumb question but can you downgrade to an unsigned  ios without jailbreak. or is a jail broken phone needed for that?
hey my friend got iphone 8 and he's on 14.7.1 version. he wants touchid too when he jailbreaks but i don't think checkra1n supports that. are there any other jailbreaks or is there an option that he can downgrade to lower version to get touchid with jailbreak?
"i want to be able to re-sign and install unc0ver on my iphone xr whenever it expires from my intel compute stick running debian 20.04"
can't go 14 jailed because i need focus mode, but can't go checkra1n either because no face id or apple pay
i have an iphone 6s my friend wants me to jailbreak, 14.6. do i have any options or is that too new of an ios version
so i need some help, about a year or so ago i had a jailbreak on my iphone, and i never unticked the disable auto updates on uncover but i updated my phone on itunes when ios 14 came out, so my disable auto updates is still on, is there anyway i can fix this without waiting for a new jailbreak for 14.4?
hi! sorry to interrupt. i'm trying to jailbreak my iphone 6 ios 12.5.5, fresh install. i got chimera through jailbreaks.app but it just gives me an error that the exploit did not work. any ideas about how can i make it work or where should i go to ask? thank you!
what channel can i go to, for like download links also can i jailbreak iphone x ios 14.8 on windows?
is it possible to add and just not use cards in apple pay on a11?  for example to check apple card balances on a11 checkra1n 14.8
you can downgrade to 14.8 (which you should do, higher likelihood of jailbreak in long term future) but no you cannot jailbreak on either firmware
so im currently jailbroken on ios 14.1 on a iphone xs max. im already jailbroken with taurine but used it in so long. how can i go about updating it to the currently compatible firmware of the jailbreak
hi i was just curious on if there was any estimate of when an unc0uver jailbreak will be out for 14.4 for an iphone xs max?
anyone have any jailbreaks for version 12.5.3 i have a newly jailbroken ipod and i wanna mess around with it
i wish i knew how to find jailbreakable exploits in ios, id spend all day finding a 14.4-14.6 exploit
anyone have any jailbreaks for version 12.5.3 i have a newly jailbroken ipod and i wanna mess around with it
hey guys. tried jailbreaking my iphone xs with ios 14.4. can't use checkra1n. any other suggestions?
why they dont just release 14.7.1 jailbreak for a12+ i mean its possible to jailbreak 14.7.1 pre a12
to avoid any issues, i don't really need ios jailbreak on newer versions like 12, it's still pretty usable today but on ios 10 and older it's a must for me
hello, i need to jailbreak iphone 6, i have a widows pc, i couldn't find any trustable procedure in the internet
i have an ipad pro 9.7 running ios14.4 and would like to revert to ios 14.2 (so i can also jb it with taurine instead on checkra1n). anyone knows how to revert to ios14.2 if it's even possible please?
my apps that i downloaded from the app store are saying that it needs to be verified before running for the first time, but when i connect to wifi to run them they crash... any suggestions? im on ios14.3 running checkra1n with sileo
probably a stupid question, can i upgrade to 14.7.1 with latest bb and sep? i have blobs and my iphone 11 is on 14.3 actually (i know i will loose jailbreak)
just noticed that my girlfriend iphone 11 pro is on 14.2 (unjailbreaked) while mine is on 14.5.1 any way to replace without her to notice?
hello guys i just got an iphone 8 but its at 14.8 and my checkra1n(0.12.4) loops at "checking if device ready" any help or ill just have. to wait. no blobs of other ipsw saved
i remember when i had an ipod 5 and i asked my dad if i could jailbreak it and he freaked out. he said it was an illegal and turned on parental controls to block safari.
once the ios 14.5.1 jailbreak is released will it be possible for me to futurerestore to 14.5.1 from 14.1 on my iphone 12 pro if i have valid blobs?
umm can somebody help me i synced the iphone 8 to my new iphone 13 pro it fixed allt the apps that were restricted by jailbreak but one didt and when i logged in on my old iphone 8 it worked. (app hobi tv show tracker)
hi everybody, is there any way to jailbreak ios 15.0, it try to search everywhere but i did not find any?
umm can somebody help me i synced the iphone 8 to my new iphone 13 pro it fixed allt the apps that were restricted by jailbreak but one didt and when i logged in on my old iphone 8 it worked. (app hobi tv show tracker)
with checkra1n on iphone x is it possible to setup face id and wallet while not jailbroken and just not use it while jailbroken?
hi guys, i've lost track a little bit. i'm currently on 13.7, is there any way to upgrade to 14.3 or install any ios 14 jailbreak?
ive got the iphone 7 aswell but my iphone 12 pro is my main phone ig so i wanted to jailbreak since i havent before
bro i accidentally updated from 14.3 to 14.4 a week before the 14.3 jb released and i was so mad and now i just have to wait a month and im back to being jailbroken
i was on 14.5 for half a year waiting for a jailbreak, i didnt feel like waiting anymore so i just updated to 15
just the one im poor (iphone x) . but its not jb yet for me. i'll see how it goes on ipad and then try on the phone too lol
hey guys i have an ipad mini 4 on ios 13.6.1. i'd like to move it up to 14.8 and jailbreak it. is there a way to avoid going to ios 15 now?
hi, i installed otadisabler on unc0ver 14.3 iphone 11 and now i can't unlock my phone, like the keypad doesnt respond
hey, i wanted to jailbreak my x ios 14.4.1 with checkrain but it didn't work. can someone tell me why it didn't work?
thx cimche , and have a prog called transmission remote gui have extracted as ipa on mac but it is no more available on appstore can i istall it later on ios 14.8jb ?
hi i am on a jb ios 12.1.4 with a iphone x , can i upgrade it to any newer ios with jaibreak support. apple signed just 14.8 and 15 ?
how do i download cydia on an iphone 13 thats on ios 15 (no jailbreak)? dont post sites with human verification
14.4.1 is still not supported idk why. i've not updated my phone once since i got it (12 mini). im trying to downgrade to an unsigned ipsw ios 14.3 using futurerestore but the tutorial im watching says i need to be **jailbroken** before i even start using futurerestore. so how do i downgrade ios and jailbreak?
i have an iphone 6 on ios 14.3. is there any reason other than semi-untether vs semi-tether to go for taurine of oddeseyra1n?
hey guys, so im currently jailbroken on ios 14.1 on a iphone xs max. im already jailbroken with taurine but  used it in so long. how can i go about updating it to the currently compatible firmware
hey guys, so im currently jailbroken on ios 14.1 on a iphone xs max. im already jailbroken with taurine but  used it in so long. how can i go about updating it to the currently compatible firmware
i got a question. when we jailbreak how do we save our blobs so we can like go to ios 15 and then go back to 14.4.2
guys , i have a ipad pro 2017 locked , can someone help me , or tell me what to download to jailbreak it please?
hey so im getting the new iphone in 2 days, is there anything you guys would do immediately to it? for jailbreaking purposes?
i wanted to use checkra1n (already got that installed on an usb) but people told me that checkra1n doesnt work very well on iphone 5s ios 12.5.4
is there any way to jailbreak ios 14.7.1 without using checkra1n? my usb doesnt work for it(i can use altstore)
is downgrading from 15 to 14.5.1 possible? or should i stay on 15 until a jailbreak is available  what do you guys think
ive never jailbroken before, would anyone guide me how to safely jailbreak my ios 14.7.1 for like 50 bucks?
well, how do i downgrade then i got iphone 11 pro max i think it came with ios 14 before is there a jb for that version?
i hope i dont get yelled at for asking here but does anyone have info on the best jailbreak out for a 14.5.1 iphone 12 pro rn
i got the iphone 13 and plan to give my 12 to a friend. is there a way to completely get rid of my uncover jb?
cause i was thinking about update to ios 15.0 but if i can jailbreak my xs max on ios 14.4.2 then i will just jailbreak it
i have a newb question, i hope no one throws tomatoes at me if it's been asked before. i searched on the subreddit but can't find something relevant. i'm on ios 12, jailbroken, but would to update to an ios that is a little more up to date but jailbreakable. is this possible?
honestly just update to ios 14.8 while you can, this is the final ios version without rootfs sealing so it is going to get a full jb at some point
alright so i just did the rootfs restore through unc0ver and want to jailbreak with odyssey, can i open the site over iphone and install via altstore?
hey , new here , i hv iphone 6 with ios 12.5.5 , how can i jailbreak , tried chimera but imapctor not working
i am on 13.5, missed the 14.3 update for jailbreak and now im stuck til new gen phones can get jailbroken on the currently signed os...
could i save my ios 14.4 mobile phone with itunes, and then update it to ios 15 and if jailbreak comes out for 14.4 just reset it with itunes?
``hi i am new to jailbreaking so dont be too mean !! i want to jailbreak to get free mine craft because all my friends have it and i want it too ! where can i get uncover for iphone 12 pro max ios 15.0``
since he said that 3 bugs are still in ios 15 thought it might be interesting to any devs here; i doubt the bugs are of any significance to jailbreaking but i know absolutely nothing about the inner workings of jailbreaking so
hey does anyone have a good suggestion for a ipad i should get. i want it purely just to jailbreak and play games
can someone link me the tweet or where did the info first leak about an upcoming untethered jailbreak for up to ios 14?
i remember someone spam posting on the checkra1n sub on how to "force jailbreak" an iphone xr when checkra1n said it wsant supported
i have this correct right? when the untether jb comes out, i can downgrade to 14.4 (assuming i don't fuck something up) and then be good to stay on 14.4 and be jailbroken correct? i'm just trying to make sure i have the right mental image of how this is going to work
or guys i have a better solution to my problem. instead of installing ios 14 on my iphone 7. i could just jailbreak my perfectly capable xr on ios 14.1
anyonen know if it will be possible to jailbreak a iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.8 anytime soon? guessing not
i updated my phone to ios 15 without thinking is there a way to un-update it other than ispw cause the oldest ispw is 14.7.1 and i dont think that there is any way to jailbreak that version if there is ill do that but is there any way?
like sure checkra1n is objectively more stable than any semi-untether, but, at the same token, taurine on 14.3, for example, is also much more stable than u0
can i update my phone to ios 15 after i restored my phone fron the checkra1n app? i am worried to get into a boot loop
yo is there a jailbreak i can do on iphone x 14.7.1 bc oddesyra1n just freezing after i enable disable a11 bpr check or whatever
good evening is it possible to jailbreak the iphone xr i'm in 14.7.1 if i can't is there a possibility in the future that it will come out in 14.7.1 thank you!
my english is not very good. i use translation. can someone answer the question of when the jailbreak for 14.6 will be released?
is it possible to jailbreak a device for example, iphone 7 running 14.8 with a ipad 7 running 13.7 with checkra1n jailbreak? like a jb device to jb device jailbreak?
jailbreaking my iphone 8 (i have done this before) but i need to downgrade to ios 14.5.1 from ios 14.8 i don't care if i lose any data. i have just download the ipsw file but i need help with the blob. could anyone help me?
should i stay on 14.2.1 or go to 15? i want the safari search bar at the bottom and new notifs, but at the same time i wanna stay and use taurine and see if i can find tweaks for those, so far i have no luck
i was on 14.4 for a while, but i figured  if a jailbreak came out it would likely support 14.5, and i wanted the new emojis. plus i can use checkra1n for now
so for instance if a 14.7.1 jailbreak came out, and i had ios 15 blobs and i waited for a ios 15 jailbreak i would be able to update to ios 15 or is that not how it works? i have a iphone 11
you think that ios 15 will have a jailbreak at some point? i only recently became interested in jailbreaking so i am not fully aware of all the stuff which are possible or not
i have no idea, i see them in the comments about anything ios jailbreak related and they seem like a total idiot
okay can someone reccomend me and ipad that is good and up to date and i wont have issues jailbreaking it (but not ipad 2nd generation cos apparently they are rare as fuck and out of stock everywhere) lmfao
so can anyone reccomend an ipad that is as up to date and yet has no issues with jailbreaking as possible?
could it be that the app hasn't been updated to support ios 15 rc? i saw a reddit post a while back stating that barclays hadn't updated the app to support ios 14, and hence the app detected a jailbreak
i get the -20 error for checkra1n on ios 15. that says something about tweaks but everyone says jb is impossible on 15 right now?
question iphone 7 plus 14.3 what are my jailbreak options? uncover? checkra1n? highest os i can jailbreak on either? help appreciated
hi my iphone has been bugging for a bit, how to do i restart my jailbreak to become new, im on uncover 13.5 on a12
hey guys, i know this question is not related to jailbreaking, but can i trade-in my mac to get an iphone in the apple store?
is there a lot that we know about jb on ios15? im i right when saying that is will have to be rootless?
i have an iphone se second generation with ios 14.8. can i jailbreak and what is the best one for my device
can i prevent my phone from updating to 15 indefinitely if i jailbreak? any jailbreak recommendations if i care a bit about privacy?
i have a question with blops saved for ios 15 all i have to do is wait for ios 15 to be jailbroken then i can update and jailbreak using future restore?
im on an iphone 12 on ios 14.7 should i update to ios 15? i do not think that another jailbreak is going to come out for the iphone 12 on this version firmware, and no blobs saved, so i dont think it might be possible
if exploitable vulnerabilities that could be used for a jailbreak were found on new ios then you would see hype, but rn they only have exploits for older versions
hi guys just a question i am on ios 14.4 and i have iphones xs is there gonna be a jb for a12 devices like mine anytime soon anyone have information about that and what u advice me to do guys and thanks
is it possible to jailbreak the iphone se 2nd gen running ios 14.4? or is there anyone i can downgrade without shsh blobs?
hey guys, is there any comprehensive guide on jailbreaking on the ios 12.5.4? and also icloud bypass.
thinking of starting a phone flipping business and unlocking people's icloud locked iphones. is that a good idea? since checkra1n allows icloud locked phones to be jailbroken and to be unlocked. any thoughts?
well, there's possible stability issues with initial versions, but taurine or whatever it will be named for ios 15 will likely be more stable rather than rushed like unc0ver
so somehow people will need to figure out how to access the rootfs to get a jailbreak working on ios 15
spv dropping a unthether exploit tmw that will work with any 14.x tmw but it needs to be tied with a kernel exploit.
ok guys, so i just got an iphone 12 because my iphone x finally bit the dust, i do not have blobs on the iphone 12 and its on version 14.7, should i update or is there going to be a possible jailbreak for the 12 on version 14.7
im on 15.0 iphone 12, i have blobs saved for 14.7.1, 14.8, should i still manually downgrade with ipsw? i want i jailbreak sooner rather than later
hey so i'm on 14.5 with an iphone 12, i know i can't jailbreak rn but since i might be able to in the future, is there a way i can sort of save this but still update to 15?
yep u have iphone 11 if u had x u could checkra1n just as i said if u really care about jb stay on ur version
hi everyone, got a question for my device(iphone xs) currently. on ios 14.0.1, jailbroken with unc0ver and switched to taurine afterwards, ran fine except the occasional restarts and stuff, nothing much, but right now my device just shows the apple logo without any sign of booting up. last time i saw it alive was about 30 minutes ago when i left it on the wireless charger, any idea what's happening and what can i do to mitigate it?
so, at this point what all do we still need for a...14.7(?) jb? i know there was the kexploit released a while back, wasn't sure what else was needed
guys. i jailbreaked my iphone x ios 14.4 then i had to switch it off then back on. how do i jailbreak again
let me reformulate: in order to go from 14.4.2 to 14.5.1, i need to wait for *any* jailbreak release for a12+ to be able to futurestore. but with the release of ios 15, i was worried sep wont be compatible anymore
so i need to wait for the supposely untethered jb then i  could futurestore 14.4.2 to 14.5.1 ? i hope ios 15 sep will allow it...
a new version of substitute with support for ios 14 and a12, a13 and a14 devices was released by unc0ver team. the new substitute works for unc0ver and checkra1n.
okay idk where to go for this but, i have an iphone x on 13.5 and it was jailbroken with unc0ver with altstore, and out of no where it will respring and come back on, but it didnt come back on this time and now my phone will start up to the apple logo then go black then apple logo then black again over and over. i tried to force restart it with the volume up down then hold the side button, and that got it into recovery mode but when i tried to restore it with itunes it just kept saying error code 4013. are there any fixes?
current exploit is only for ios 14.5+ as it exploits a vulnerability in audioworklet. + also as there is no kernel exploit for 14.4+ yet (however, there are multiple kernel vulnerabilities that may be usable, there just aren't exploits for them yet) this won't work until an exploit is written for one of those vulnerabilities, or he adds a safari webkit exploit for 14.4.2 and lower, which will make it work on 14.3 and lower which currently have cicuta_virosa.
is it likely that if i downgrade to 14.8 this would work, and has anyone on ios 14.8 with an m1 mac been able to jailbreak on mac os 11.3+
hi by any chance does anybody know how to use the 14.7.1 vulnerability and implement it into a jailbreak.
i have a jailbreak iphone and a new iphone. i want to put my sim card from my new phone into my old phone. we got our old phones from atnt so atnt is blocking verizon on my old phone.
plus var is only way to jb on 15 unless we have root exploit so if we could delete it how would it unlock root
where is the ios 15 jailbreak oh my god these developers are so lazy and can't give me the jailbreak i deserve and that i'm entitled to. i'm so sick of these lazy developers not finding exploits quick enough.
i want to jailbreak my ipad to play jailbroken 8ballpool with guidelines, etc, can someone teach me how please?
guys should i keep my iphone 6s plus on ios 14.4  (so i can get the untethered jailbreak) or should i get the iphone xs max that will probably not be on ios 14.5.1
if you care about how good your phone is and dont care about a jailbreak get it, if you dont **need** the extra power from the a15 (because the a11 is still good) stay
upgrade to the iphone 13 and give up my jailbreak, or stick to my old ass phone and enjoy a possible upcoming untethered jb
regardless in a simple yes or no is there any info i can follow to put a newer ios via my pc n then jailbreak again with checkra1n
question guys im jailbroke on 14.4.2 with checkra1n.. is it possible via ipa files to upgrade to a newer ios that is still jailbreakable so that my device performs a little better it seems my csr2 game is crashing alot
hey i want to jailbreak my iphone xr i have 14.6 installed but can update someone send me tutorial please
hey, short question - i have a 6s on 14.3 and a watch on 7.3.3 and the watch are not willing to update. the 6s is fresh jailbreaked with checkra1n and no tweaks installed. anyone have a clue what i should do now?
if i get myself a iphone 11 or 11 pro and stay on the given ios version and jailbrake is it safe? i saw the 14.8 update and still can't understand if i buy this device could i be safe and with a jailbreak.
hey guy, i'm currently on ios 14.5.1 on an iphone 12 pro and looking to jailbreak whenever possible shall i stay here or try to update because i dont want to miss out on a jb that might come between 14.5 and latest firmware
14.5 also broke checkra1n but that version had so many betas it kinda almost counted as a major ios update
hey guys i got a question so if i jailbreak my ipad is there a way so i dont have to jailbreak it everytime it turns off ? and i turn it back on
i used blobsaver and it said only saved blobs for 14.7.1 and 14.8 and is there a way i can downgrade to 14.5.1 so i can use untherehted jailbreak when it comes out
i have an iphone 6+ with ios 12.5.4 and i can't get my sim card to work. it's jailbroken using altstore and unc0ver, could the jailbreak be interfering?
yo quick question again sorry, i just installed checkra1n on 1.2.4 on my iphone x and cydia seems to stay on a white screen and crash, any recommendations on how to fix this?
is there a jailbreak working on ios 14.4.4 (i think) rn? was using unc0ver but just got different phone
my uncle gave me a refurb iphone 6 that he wasn't using, it's running ios 12.5.4 and i want to add activator, system info, themes with snowboard, and ytadblock. unc0ver 6.2.0 or chimera 1.6.2 and why?
taurine has startup recovery bc of the bootloop, but ora1n devices on 14.x are not patched yet, but instead ody on 13.x has the fix?
hi all. i have upgraded my jailbroken x from 13.5.1 to 14.7.1 and is considering to jb once again, despite security issues. as far as i'm concerned, i need to enable the "rootfs" during the jb process, using the latest checkra1n version. however, i do not see this step in guides on the internet. could someone elaborate on this? thanks.
your phone can literally get pwned without you even touching it, and you see it as a way to jb?....you're....15, aren't you
oh ok thanks for the quick answer but are there any jailbreaks for iphone xs and higher in lower versions like 14.6
will it be possible to make checkm8 untethered if someone happens to make checkm8 exploit work similar to the demoed 14.5.1 exploit?
i've not jailbroken for awhile, i'm on ios 13.3 jailbroken with uncover on iphone x i have blobs saved by tsssaver app for ios 14.6 up to 14.8 will i be able to restore to any of those ios and jailbreak soon?
how can someone give bug issue ios to hacker jailbreak where i can upload the issue to help jailbreak community
i would normally use my 4 for discord classic but its running ios 4cfjb so i can't run discord classic
just saw checkra1n is confirmed to work on 14.8 but does that mean i can jailbreak my 12 pro with ios 14.7.1?
just saw checkra1n is confirmed to work on 14.8 but does that mean i can jailbreak my 12 pro with ios 14.7.1?
i meant the project, not the exploit - it still doesn't have support for ios 14 for a9x and above from what i can tell
guys, real quick: i want a jb on my iphone 12, im on 14.5. is the vuln so important that i should update to 14.8 and wait then? or realistically am i safe enough to stay on 14.5
is it possible to see a jb for 14.8 soon? *just curious because of the recent reports of issues with imessage*
is there some sort of security problem as to why there are no jailbreaks for iphones who are newer than x and have ios newer than 14.3?
i had jailbreak iphone 6 plus using checkra1n and i want to install custom apps and upgrade ios version
yooo so is there no hope for ios 14.3+ jailbreak on newer devices? its been a long time since the last update
imma ask the most dumbass question rq lol, anybody know how jailbreak on ios 14.6 on a iphone 12 or any way i can revert back to 14.3 dont care about data loss
yo guys i have an iphone 12 pro max should i stay on 14.4 or is there any potential jb for 14.6-14.7
hello guys its my 3rd day with same problem with my iphone and jailbreak and i couldnt find the solution for it that its keep crashing and rebooting even after restore rootfs it keep rebooting randomly and idk what should i do now
thats not what we said. if you could read the announcement, nowhere does it say there is a jailbreak for 14.8
hi everyone, question regarding iphone x (14.7.1) and checkrain, besides the pass code and faceid issues, how has iphone x users experience been with checkrain? any stability issues, reliability issues, battery drain, connection issue, etc?
14.6 iphone 8 + | using checkra1n 0.10.2  bootra1n usb | getting usbmux error (error code: -79) any tips?
yeah but even the jb itself can be unstable too. just look at the a10(x) kernel_task bug or a9x not being able to boot on 14.4.2+ without a custom pongoos
hello, thank you for this wonderful group, i would have an important question and google does not allow me to answer my question, why jailbreak an iphone xr is so difficult? it is not possible at the moment? is there going to be a jailbreak for this device? thanks to all
ios 14 has many subsections, only jailbreakable up to 14.3 for that device. if you buy one rn it'll be on a newer version aka no jb.
btw ill be updating to an iphone 12 pro max soon, is there an available stable jb currently for it ?
i tried to jailbreak my iphone but it has gone to loop restart mode with red screen , how can i fix it ? please need help
i tried to jailbreak my iphone but it has gone to loop restart mode with red screen , how can i fix it ? please need help
can i ask what's a good jailbreak detection bypass for ios 14.4? i tried a-bypass and vnodebypass and still doesn't work
is it not useful to save shsh blobs for ios 14.7.1? also, i currently am at ios 14.6, can i save blobs for the unsigned version 14.6 (no jb)
does anyone have any other ideas for why i'm getting exploit failed error 31 while trying to install checkra1n on my iphone se 1st gen running ios 14.7.? i tried both usb ports on my laptop (ryzen cpu) and i tried a different usb a cable and it still gives me the same error. i have tried with skip a11 bpr check both on and off and it's the same result.
does anyone know why i'm getting an error -33 when trying to install checkra1n on my iphone se 1st gen running ios 14.7? i'm on ubuntu with a ryzen cpu
does anyone know why i'm getting an error -33 when trying to install checkra1n on my iphone se 1st gen running ios 14.7? i'm on ubuntu with a ryzen cpu
i think i'm literally going insane here. i've got an ipad 6 running ios 14.7.1, successfully jailbroken with checkra1n, but it died and i had to reboot it. jailbreak gone. i've been trying to enter dfu mode again for 4 hours straight and i haven't been able to get it. it just keeps booting back into recovery mode and i'm about to go mentally insane if this ipad doesnt enter dfu mode. anyone have any tips for getting into dfu mode?
can someone help, i'm trying to install checkra1n on my iphone se 1st gen running ios 14.7 and i get this error
i need some for 14.3 so i can use unc0ver lol, i dont wanna have to switch between jailbreaks once 14.7 is supported if i dont have to
its annoying man, i wouldve really liked to be on 14.3 so i can use unc0ver without a computer with me all the time lol. i guess i gotta wait for official unc0ver support?
couldnt find any way to bypass mario run jailbreak detection on the latest version,both of the app and ios (must stuff i see is for ios 9-10)
i haven't jailbroken my phone for a long time (still on 13.5), does anybody have a good step by step guide for updating to the latest jailbreakable version? i have blobs saved for most ios 14 builds
i just got back into this community and i need to figure out how to get checkra1n to work for my phone, since i just got myself a refurbished iphone x lol
should i... buy a iphone 12, or just wait. i'm looking for a new phone but i want to keep my jailbreak
hey, i have a quick question regarding what i just did. i had to update and restore from 14.3 to 14.7.1. there are some remnants of the jailbreak that remain on my phone. how do i go about removing them?
anyone know how to get dfu mode on ipad pro 2nd gen? im following directions on the checkra1n utility but its just staying dark
not that long after a 14.3 exploit was found but how long it took for a jailbreak update to be released doesnt give any clue on when the next will come
you can downgrade to 14.7.1 on all devices, but no jailbreak currently unless you're on a11 (iphone x) or older
ok, so i have an ipad air 4 that i purchased off of ebay that's activation locked. is there a way of removing it via jailbreaking, or if you have any other opinions? obviously tried the owner but they don't have the information, as well as apple support, which hasn't responded yet after over a week.
my phones not connecting to the internet when i jailbreak it just randomly started happening  - how to troubleshoot - iphone 11  pro 13.3.1 odyssey
how do i unjailbreak my ios 14.3 phone because nothing jailbreak related will download for example altstore keeps crashing aswell as uncover and taurine
i want to jailbreak my phone and this is my first time is it possible to jailbreak iphone 11 ios 14.7.1v?
and i do want to restore my iphone anyways cuz i downloaded too many apps, and all i really want to use it for is to jailbreak
how could i jailbreak an iphone 11 pro with ios 14.6? i checked unc0ver and it only supports up to 14.2
oof just jailbroke my ip6s+ with checkra1n and uh a lot of things dont support ios 14.7.1 yet, any way of maybe downgrading to ios 14 maybe that would help idk
hi. yesterday i succesfully jailbreak my iphone 6s, but when today i woke up, my phone was turned off, because it is died. when i booted up it again, the phone wasn't jailbroken, so i wanted to jailbreak it. (i used, and still use checkn1x on windows 10 with amd ryzen cpu) when the progress bar reached the "right before the trigger" progress it simply jumped back to the "setting up the exploit" progress. i tried today so many times, but failed again. at the end, i got -31 error code, but idk what is it. (i use the exact same pendrive to boot up the iso file, exact same cable to the iphone, exact same ports. i tried to change them to another but not worked.)
hi. yesterday i succesfully jailbreak my iphone 6s, but when today i woke up, my phone was turned off, because it is died. when i booted up it again, the phone wasn't jailbroken, so i wanted to jailbreak it. (i used, and still use checkn1x on windows 10 with amd ryzen cpu) when the progress bar reached the "right before the trigger" progress it simply jumped back to the "setting up the exploit" progress. i tried today so many times, but failed again. at the end, i got -31 error code, but idk what is it. (i use the exact same pendrive to boot up the iso file, exact same cable to the iphone, exact same ports. i tried to change them to another but not worked.)
hi. yesterday i succesfully jailbreak my iphone 6s, but when today i woke up, my phone was turned off, because it is died. when i booted up it again, the phone wasn't jailbroken, so i wanted to jailbreak it. (i used, and still use checkn1x on windows 10 with amd ryzen cpu) when the progress bar reached the "right before the trigger" progress it simply jumped back to the "setting up the exploit" progress. i tried today so many times, but failed again. at the end, i got -31 error code, but idk what is it. (i use the exact same pendrive to boot up the iso file, exact same cable to the iphone, exact same ports. i tried to change them to another but not worked.)
i mean, i really would rather be able to just use the app. i could *technically* try to use checkra1n force revert, but it's an iphone x so i'm not sure that would even work at all.
hey i jsut got a iphone 12 pro and i was wonderign can i use unciver for right now and then use checkrain later bc checkrain doesnt support it if not what could i do
im about to get an iphone 12 and ive heard you can't jailbreak it yet, how long do yall think itll be?
you can't use blobs on 14.7.1 on your xs to go back down to 13.5 if you upgraded since you need a jb to use them
can i save blobs for ios 14.4 on xs max then when the time comes and the jailbreak gets realised can i down grade ? i forgot also does down grading the blobs way make you lose your stuff ?
is there any not incredibly sketchy and ill advised method to get an iphone 12 currently running 14.6 downgraded to a checkra1nable version if i dont have a backup to restore to of this phone on an older version of ios?
does checkra1n have any other advantages over a semi-untethered other than supporting higher ios versions?
hi guys i have a question please ! so i have ip12 pro max and im on 14.4.2 and im tired of waiting for jailbreak so i wonder if i can update to 14.5 for this moment and i knew that its not being signed anymore btw i had my blobs saved for 14.4.2
although just a notice, do not update to ios 15, checkra1n isn't compatible with it (yet), although most likely eventually will be updated
when i use odysseyrain or however u spell it to jailbreak iphone 6 ios 12.5.4 is there any specific settings i have to enable?
i can't find a lot of info, most of the videos i looked at are months old. is there no a13 jailbreak for 14.4.1?
quick question to anyone who can answer: does newer made jailbreak tweaks made (ios 14 for example) work for a ios 12 jailbroken device?
hi am new here. i wanna jailbreak my iphone se2(a13) i am currently using the latest ios version(14.7.1). but as i read i need an older version of ios such as 14-14.3  or something like that (unsigned), so i decided to downgrade using futurerestore but the requirements said that i need my device to be jailbroken. am confused so can anyone explain it to me i just wanna jailbreak my device, no need for downgrading if it's not necessary, and thanks.
i have an iphone 6 and im on ios 12.5.4 does anyone know any websites i can download uncover from without verification issues i tried a few websites but none worked
anyone here can help me unjailbreak my iphone 12 trying to update to new software in order to see if my battery health will change
guys if i want whole jailbreak gone, can i jsut restore my iphone via itunes and after log back in and do the icloud backup?
there are 2 poc exploit on ios 14.x rn 1 on 14.5, on 14.7,ios 15 has been jailbroken ( no tool released )
hey, i jailbroke my iphone se running ios 13.2 about a year ago with uncover i am looking to re jailbreak do u know where i can download uncover again?
hello guys, i just bought a used ipad 8 and it's on ipados 14.7.1. is there a way to jailbreak this?
ive been jailbreaking for as long as i can remember, i know its personal opinion, but i really want to update to ios 14. any thoughts? any chance a jb in the near future will happen? just looking for advice is anyone enjoys ios 14 without a jb
my linux ubuntu checkra1n not detecting my iphone 7 which i connected with my charging usb cable which is not damaged also i installed usbmuxd and my computer can detect my iphone but checkrain wont help, i also checkmarked to allow untested versions of ios
my linux ubuntu checkra1n not detecting my iphone 7 which i connected with my charging usb cable which is not damaged also i installed usbmuxd and my computer can detect my iphone but checkrain wont help, i also checkmarked to allow untested versions of ios
i need to get a new iphone i mean the one i have now is nice but i want to buy a iphone12 and jailbreak it
just got a iphone se but it's 14.6 , are there any jailbreaks for that version of the phone yet? or is there a time when it'll be available if there is one
i just use checkra1n still won't work on 14.7.1 anyone please suggest i saw them boot via linux but i cannot because i don't know which image could i used thanks you if your help
i know to usually stay on the lowest but if i want to jb my ipad pro 11inch 3rd gen , god willing one is eventually released , do you think it would be for 14.7.1 or should i just stay on 14.7 you think?
uh hey guys, i'm trying to jailbreak a ipad mini 2, and seeing as the guide i'm using is using chimera, i went to download that. but apparently, according to windows threat protection, it's a ransomware. is there a reason for that?
hi guys - i've just taken a manual backup to my pc prior to jailbreaking. itunes is showing this. i'm not exactly sure why it's showing 13.6.1 is up to date, but can i stop itunes checking for ios updates in future?
hey guys, my checkra1n disappears every time i restart my device. are there any untethered jailbreaks for 14.5.1?
so, to be short, i know that there isn't a jailbreak yet for 14.3 above, i also know that 14.7.1 is very bad. i stayed on 14.4.2, but now i think this was the worst decision ever, i think 14.5 and up is way better than 14.4.2 or an i wrong? that's all i would like to know.
hello guys i have question is there any tweak for 14.4 jailbreak checkra1n that makes iphone go into dfu mode so that when it turns it off i wont have to reinstall jailbreak again ?
does anyone know why while on jailbroken mode (iphone 11 pro max, ios 13.5 unc0ver) airdrop get stuck on receiving off even on safemode (only reboot fixes it)?
is there a place where you can buy iphones running a specific ios version? looking for a iphone 12 pro max on a ios that unc0ver supports. would be great if it had signed blobs with it too.
there will be an untethered jb for 14.4.2 one day right? like its a possible thing and its worth waiting?
hi, uh realistically how long would it take for me to jailbreak my iphone 8 14.6 and what would i need other than a pc
been a while since ive jailbroken my phone, how do i install unc0ver with alstore? (iphone 8 - ios 14.3)
asking when a jb will come out for ios x(lets just say ios x hasn't been jben yet), but nobody knows when jbes come out
in the checkra1n application on my macbook pro it doesn't recognise my iphone... however in itunes it does recognise it
does it also support the ipad 8 wifi?????????????????? oh yeah, also can it untethered jb???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
guys i started jailbreaking my ipad and it hang on checking if device is ready but my ipad is showing black screen help pls
hi im not at home and i delete accidentally my jailbreak on my iphone on 14.7.1 is there a way to jailbreak my phone without an pc
can i jailbreak a iphone 8+ on ios 14.7.1 and if so what should i used i did some digging and found some forums saying yup and some saying no so im a bit confused can i or can i not jailbreak a iphone 8+ on ios 14.7.1
can i jailbreak a iphone 8+ on ios 14.7.1 and if so what should i used i did some digging and found some forums saying yup and some saying no so im a bit confused can i or can i not jailbreak a iphone 8+ on ios 14.7.1
no, there will always be a way, it just depends on if the way gets released to the public. like a team known as pangu has already shown off an ios 15 jb but the chances of them releasing it is 0%.
when i try to jailbreak it, in the "launcher" for checkra1n after i boot it up it says that iphone 13.3 (ios14.7.1) is not supported. how can i fix that
i bought an ipad 5 off of ebay but it has the activation lock on it is there anyway i can jailbreak bypass
if i bought a brand new ipad pro, do any of you think it would be already updated to the latest non-jailbreakable version? or no?
fellas, i need some help! i am on an iphone se 2020, ios 14.2 and unc0ver v6.1.1, my jailbreak was running smoothly until i had to restart my phone recently. now whenever i jailbreak my iphone, after a few moments it restarts by itself. i have not installed any tweaks or done anything else, other than restarting my phone once. before that my jailbreak was running smoothly, anyone who knows what could be the reason to why my phone keeps restarting?
so i'm trying to change my carrier and they're having trouble with my phone porting a number and their service working with my esim. they're saying i need to update to 14.7. is there a jailbreak for 14.7?
anyone experiencing random freezes in apps while jailbroken ? ,, uncover 14.3 11pro max. it gets really annoying lmao. i had to ldrestart everytime to fix.
i'm running into this issue when trying to use the new unc0ver on my iphone 7 plus that's on ios 13.5. does anyone know a solution?
anyone experiencing random freezes in apps while jailbroken,, uncover 14.3 11pro max. it gets really annoying lmao. i had to ldrestart everytime to fix.
apple changes things with every ios update which can break checkra1n so it'll take time for the devs to fix it
i'm trying to jailbreak an iphone 5c. it has an a6 chip and is running 10.3.3. could anyone recommend the best software to use?
finally got (again) a new 11 pro with ios 14.2. i can use taurine to jb my phone right? any known problems with the ios version or something i should know? or should i proceed as usual and follow the jb steps? ty
so i just checked through the ios jailbreaking guide linked by the bot but it only details how to do it with a mac. is there a different write up for windows or does it work generally the same?
trying to install uncover on ios 14.3 no computer method and it's saying "the app can not be installed because integrity could not be verified" how can i fix this
im trying to jailbreak a ipod touch 4 is there any way i can move the ios from 6.1.6 to somthing newer so i can jailbreak it fast
im trying to jailbreak a ipod touch 4 is there any way i can move the ios from 6.1.6 to somthing newer so i can jailbreak it fast
anyone know if there is already a planned date for the release of jailbreaks on 14.7.1 for a12 and a13??
anyone know if there is already a planned date for the release of jailbreaks on 14.7.1 for a12 and a13??
i just upgraded from a 7 to a 11 and it came with 14.7.1 out of the box, is there any unoffical way of jailbreaking it
any way to jailbreak ios 14.6 on iphone xs, ive been trying everything including attempting to downgrading and even running a virtual machine to run checkrain and nothing works, any ideas?
i have a friend that runs utm se (no jb ios 14.6) can i recommend him this app so he can use the normal utm? will it work that way?
ok so issues. trying to jailbreak ipad 4 on 10.3.4 and seriously hating this thing. h3lix doesn't seem to exist anymore and none of the other tools like anzhuang work. some scam called donateware. anyway trying to figure out any other way to jailbreak this ancient thing. i've tried both computer and online.
im new to jailbreaking and have an iphone x. i want to jail break it but i dont know how. could you send an article to start
hello. i'm new here. i joined because i found this server through a deleted reddit post and i had a question. is it possible to jailbreak an iphone 5c on ios 10.3.3?
hi! i am trying to jailbreak my iphone7+ which is on 14.4.2 with taurine, but the app says my phone is "unsopported", any help would be greatly appreciated
hello! im using checkra1n for an ipad air ios 12.4.3 but it doesnt seem to bypass the activation lock after it has completed the jailbreak :c any help is greatly appreciated
not exactly jailbreak but anyone know if its possible to bypass iphone 4s withou deleting data its my old phone i had in school and i just want the photos for nostolgia
i have an 8+ on 13.1.2 and an 11 on 14.0 taurine, can i upgrade to 14.7.1 on my 8+ since its not my main device even though i wont have sep
so i've been holding out on updating my iphone 12 (im currently on 14.4.2) does anyone know if there's a jailbreak for that firmware yet?
can you try again but this time, in the checkra1n options menu enable verbose mode? then we know it's not just your ipad taking forever
hi all, can anyone suggestion a general jailbreak detection bypass tool that works in ios 14? thanks.
it has been a million years and not even a single dev in this community gives a f--uc--k-in-g f-u--ck!! i don't think they're even "devs" in traditional sense because they don't make jailbreaks like people in the past! if i ever saw the iphone dev team then i would run so fast to their location that i can even run faster than these 4 cosmic phenomena which can travel faster than the speed of light and tell them "hello, pls can you all do safari untethered jailbreak for ios 14.7.1?" and if they say yes, then right before they are midway through saying yes, i will rob all banks in the universe and give them 1 billion dollars and by the time they complete saying yes, i will rob the whole 55 cancri e planet and give all of them to the iphone dev team and let them make the safari jailbreak!! if they said no, i would immediately run to saurik and ask him to jailbreak appstore servers and upload cydia to the appstore, if he says yes then i will immediately spam his cydia on appstore 69420 stars using jailbreak from cydia on appstore!! but if not then i will make a world competition, "first to hack apple and sign ios 14.3 get's the 55 cancri e planet!" and once someone signs ios 14.3, i will immediately give cancri e and i will proudly make a post in jailbreak
anyone know of a free tweak that would let me get more columns on my home screen (ipad mini 2 ios 12.5.4 checkra1n)
does anyone know of any news on 14.7.1 jb for the ip12? or is there usually an expected time it takes for them to release this stuff?
damn it needed it urgently, jailbreak not available for an xr on 14.6 right ? any way to downgrade firmware to 14.3?
how do i jailbreak ipad 8 ios 14.7.1  a12?  i think i need to downgrade to 14.3 but don't know how to do that.  i downloaded an image but i found out it's unsigned so didn't work.  any suggestions?
just bought xs max and it came with 14.7.1 and from searching found out that most of the jb's are fake. what is the latest untethered jailbreak so i can downgrade to it?
that means, either stay on 13.x if i buy a new 11 pro and jailbreak it, or hope to find an used one with 14.3 which is gonna be probably impossible
has there been any rumors lately about possible future jailbreaks? which version of ios should i stick to?
last time i bought new 11 pro it came with ios 13.x. can i update ios to 14.3 and then jailbreak it? or can i update only to newest version? i wanna jb but would like to have at least the newest ios version possible and have jb
no it ain't about the jailbreak itself i couldn't install any app after i downgraded from ios 15 to 14.7.1
anyone know how to jailbreak an ios 14.6 with windows? unc0ver only allows up to 14.3 and checkra1n needs a mac
im new to jailbreaking so pls bare with me but from the highlighted text if im currently on ios 14.7.1 i cannot jailbreak?
im on and iphone 8+ 13.1.2 on unc0ver but my phone has been crashing alot is there a better jb i can use?
why is there no 14.7.1 jailbreak for the xr to the 12 pro; are they trying or have most moved onto development for ios 15?
inb4 wen eta ios 6.1.3 iboot exploit so iphone people can untethered downgrade to ios 6 then downgrade to any version
i used to have unc0ver jb when i was on 12.4 then i updated to 14.4.1 without doing anything and now when i try to open some specific apps they warn me that i m jailbroken and app closes. why? what can i do to prevent this?
hi all -- is there a way to jailbreak an old ipad with ios 9.2.1? the problem is the ipad is locked. not ure if i can use a jailbreak tool to unlock it and jailbreak?
thanks, noob question but uhm what's the latest ios i could downgrade to to jailbreak my device with all the jailbreak tweaks available? i'm on an 11 pro max 14.7
is there a jailbreak for ios 14.5 for the iphone xr? and i am guessing i can downgrade ios versions since they are not being signed anymore.
i was looking for youtube vids or apps to explain me how to jailbreak my iphone but all of them are fake
"if you're on 12.0 - 14.3, you can simultaneously use odysseyra1n with chimera, odyssey or taurine on their respective versions."
does anyone have a full tutorial showing the entire process of jailbreaking iphone 8, ios 14.7.1, a11 chip with odysseyra1n
i have altstore on an iphone (with jailbreak) and an ipad (without jailbreak) is there a way for use the iphone as altserver and resign my ipad apps anywhere (without my pc near)?
ok so this might be a dumb question but how do i jailbreak ios 12.5.4? ive been trying all night and nothing has worked
can someone tell me how i can jailbreak my ios 14.6 device a legit way. im tired of seeing fake ways on yt
i saw to jailbreak your phone with the newer phones like the iphone x which have faceid and all that you have to keep them disabled or the phone will crash, any way around this?
theoretically if the question was you had ipados x blobs and if you could update to ipados y and go back to x ~~when~~ if a jb comes out for ipados y then the answer would be yes
since i have ipados 14.7 blobs, can i update to ipados 15 and come back to ipados 14.7 when a jailbreak comes out for it?
wassup i haven't been jailbroken in a minute and im not sure the current situation or progress, but hows it looking for a 14.5jb on 12 pro max
sup everyone. can someone extract decrypted ipa for me please? can't jailbreak my iphone but want to try something rq
is there anyway to get my friends iphone to downgrade to ios 14.3 without having jailbreak on his phone i also have jailbreak on my phone if i could use that to get his iphone to downgrade to ios 14.3
guys im having problems rn , i got iphone x , ver 14.4.1 , i jailbroke it before ,but now i don't have a jailbreak , yet apps see my device as jailbroken , what should i do?
i still consider member+ whitenames because most of their messages are probably asking when "uncover will be released for iso 14.7.1 no pc"
guys i'm on 14.2 rn with a lot of tweaks, but i want to update my ios and have a fresh jailbreak. is it a bad idea to update?
so, i'm new to jailbreaking.. i have an ipad air 1 latest version and running windows 10.. how do i get started.
hi so i have an ipad mini 1st gen with ios 9.3.6, i was wondering how to jailbreak it and can i revert to ios 8?
i want to setup a virtual machine running linux so i can download checkra1n and jailbreak my iphone se 2020 ios 14.6
i can probably guess the answer, but im assuming the iphone 11 pro does not have a jailbreak for the latest release of ios right
im on ios14.6 on an iphone 6s, is there a way i could get a ps1 emualtor on this? would jailbreak be needed?
hey guys anyone know what might be causing reboots constantly on a iphone 12 pro max 14.3 with unc0ver i only have cercube for youtube icleaner pro altdaemon and vnodebypass
is there a role for someone whos been trying to jailbreak and ipad now for 3 days? that has to be something special
could i get help jailbreaking my ipad 13.3.1? i followed the website and everything. it keeps saying "missing aoskit.dll' in internet services folder." idk what this means or where to find it
any tweaks to speed up my iphone 6s dramatically? new to jb but only using the phone for the music app dont care about anyting else
hey fellas i have an iphone 6s jailbreaked to 13.5 i havent used in ages. is it possible to get it updated to 14.3 from here?
does anybody know how to jailbreak 14.5.1? ive never jailbroken a phone before so im kinda sick of tired of getting clickbaited, please help
my device is jailbroken unc0ver 14.3 is there any point in updating it to a more recent firmware and jailbreak again?
i know this is a dumb question is there any possibility of jailbreaking an iphone 12? (sorry if it's pretty ignorant)
im slow can someone help me jailbreak my ipad? im trying to follow the websites instructions but i dont understand it. im having issues with using altserver
i have an iphone 12 pro and ios 14.4.2 i was wondering if there are any jailbreaks available for me?
so is there no way to currently jailbreak iphone xr 14.7.1? or are there other tools than checkrain?
does anyone have a step by step up to date text guide on how to jailbreak ios 14.2.1 on iphone 12 pro
the iphone 7 is golden for jailbreaking imo, you get a reasonably powerful phone, all the security features, and checkra1n on any version 14.x and lower
is there anyway to jailbreak an a10 (ipad 6th gen) with a windows pc without a usb flash drive atm (ios 14.6)
question: is it possible to use checkra1n or some other form of jailbreaking to make an iphone more private and kill, say, some telemetry tasks like one can on windows?
can i ask a noob question? i know there's no eta for jb, but is it like close for a13 14.3+ or like kinda far? asking because i bought a new 14.6 and return window is closing in 2 days .
hey guys, i know checkra1n can jailbreak any ios version beside ios 15 . should i wait for uncover release new jailbreak before i jailbreak checkra1n?
if you were on the iphone x, you could jailbreak o any ios verion(except for ios 15 but you don't need to worry abt that)
hello guys so i have an iphone 7 with ios 14.4 and i want to jailbreak it. i have a windows pc but not mac. what should i do? can someone help me pls thats urgent
so this is the first time jailbreaking. with a jailbroken ipad does that mean you can get like free in-app purchases and such?
any idea when im gonna be able to jailbreak on 14.6 , like usually how long does it take for  a new method to come out or an update
if i have a refurbished iphone and i jailbreak but have no apple warranty, would it void the warranty with the company that refurbished it?
is there anyway to downgrade ios version from 14.6 to 14.3 or whatever version that jailbreak runs on with checkra1n
hi guys, i am on uncover 6.2.0, ios 14.2. there was something wrong with my notes app so i tried ldrestart and now my phone is stuck in an infinite respring loop. any help??
an attack on ios of the jailbreaking nature would be extremely targeted and basically impossible to defend agents, same goes for nonjailbroken ios
guys i really want to jailbreak and i am asking yall if there is any way to outdate the ios version (i have 14.6) or on this version something i really want my phone jailbroken rn
guys i used u0 and fucked my phone, how do i get it back?? and on an unrelated note, wen eta 14.7.1 jb???????????
sup peeps.. can anyone please point me in the right direction. trying to jailbreak my 7th gen ipad running 14.7.1.. wat program should i use?
hi i am looking to jailbreak my iphone 6 with 12.5.1 update i tried youtube but got no clue how to do it anyone help me step by step?
looking for a second opinion: should i downgrade my iphone 12 ios to 14.3 so i can jailbreak, or should i wait?
i just got an iphone 12 today and it has ios 14.5, is there anyway i can jailbreak it or am i screwed?
hello, i have iphone se 2016. which ios version is best for jailbreak? can i update my phone to 14.7.1 and jailbreak it?
is there a way to downgrade 2 older ios devices from 14.4 to 14.3 currently jb with checkra1n. it's just with the reboot loosing the jb, i feel it may be easier to manage with unc0ver on 14.3 as it would be untethered? can i als odowngrade 2 more devices from 14.7.1 to 14.3?
is there a way to downgrade 2 older ios devices from 14.4 to 14.3 currently jb with checkra1n. it's just with the reboot loosing the jb, i feel it may be easier to manage with unc0ver on 14.3 as it would be untethered?
i'm on iphone se 2020 and i can't jailbreak wow. when i want to jailbreak i can't when i didn't want to it let's me jailbreak awesome
if i were to buy a used phone with a newer chip (not a11) and the software was still 14.3, i could jailbreak right?
yah i have a feeling the ota downgrader jb is kinda unstable but it is the only one i can use as i don't have access to windows or macos. (i do have windows access in a vm but it doesn't like seeing my iphone.)
what if ios 15 beta gets a jailbreak, i can suffer on a beta with 1900 bugs but be jailbroken :)))))
idk where else to ask it, but does anyone have any news on a jailbreak coming to ios 14.7.1 on the iphone 12?
hey, i downloaded checkra1n on my iphone x, now its unresponsive (i can open the phone itself, but im not able to open any applications). im also not able to restar
anyone else think jailbreaking on ios 8 is unstable? if i uninstall a tewak that i know caused my springboard to crash (as everything was working fine before) i still boot into safe mode. this has never happened before
anyone have an idea of how to fix this ? taurine 1.0.4 14.3,all apps crash and anything back to normal after reboot
i have a question, does the fact that ios 14.7 is not being signed anymore mean that i should expect a jailbreak for it soon?
if worse comes to worst and i have to restore my phone and lose my jailbreak, is there any reason why i should restore my phone to 14.7 over 14.5.1? (i have blobs for the earlier version as well)
my old iphone 6s was forced to update because of an apple server glitch. can i still jailbreak it on the newest is?
what is better jailbroken ios 11 or stock ios 14? (yes i know that any device that supports ios 11 automatically supports checkra1n)
i have been out of the loop for a while and havent followed updates, only if something was out or not. for people like me with iphone 11 pro max, is there any news whatsoever regarding jailbreaking on ios 14+? i am on 13.5 and have my phone jailbroken but 14 introduced some nice updates like picture in picture so i have been looking out for a chance to update and jailbreak again for probably a year now. dont know if i missed out or what, but has there been anything, even talk of the new devices?
cuz ik for sure phone places wont let u pick what ios u want if it shipped w that phone or something. i want to get a new iphone i just dont know which one i should get cuz of all these new apple being apple things for jailbreak
also if anyone have unc0ver on 14.3 but any device please try downloading cephei and newterm, open newterm and tap the settings icon then let me know if it works or crashes.
is there anyone here running ios 14.3 with unc0ver on an xs and willing to test something? if so please dm me
then i pointed out this was the same guy after he kept acting like an exploit released for 14.7 i believe
i just want to know if with my iphone 12 with ios 14.6 there is a way to jailbreak with this ios or with a previous version and i would be grateful if you could help me
so i have a iphone 12 and i wanna get youtube in my new suv for my kids to watch on the screen and i heard you need a jailbreak but how do i do that?
got my shsh2 blobs for 14.7 saved now, so when the jailbreak comes out i can upgrade to 14.7 now correct?
i tried with the most recent youpip version, but not with ios 15, as i have an xs which i can't jailbreak unless i am under ios 14.3
guys, i finally managed to jailbreak with oddysey, but the whatssap bug i had with u0 is still there, i can't send photos, videos or stickers, only messages. do you recommend me to format the phone? (without upgrading ios)
if the exploit that the pegasus spyware uses was found then it at least means that a jailbreak can be made right? and is it persistent? if it is that would be epic, persistent jb for 14.7
umm hey guys is there a jailbreak for ios 14.4 i have been hearing a lot of news about the read and write that the dev modernpwner has
a tweak is a package that modifies the iphone operating system ("ios"). these can only be installed through a jailbreak and through a package manager.
man i accidentally updated from 13.5 cause i thought taurine was going to be released for 14.4 as well
sorry i have no knowledge of jailbreaking but is it possible to jailbreak an ipad air gen 4? a14 chip
is there a jailbreak for an ipad 4 running 10.3.3? i know doubleh3lix used to work but idk whats going on now
anyone know how to fix ipad air 2 (wifi) ios 14.7 error "start jailbreak using checkra1n it says **(this is the heap spray)** then goes to **right before trigger** and goes back to **(this is the heap spray)** and loops.
what do you think peeps and lads am i stupid if i sell my pro max 14.4.2 to buy a xr so that i can jailbreak it? i love the camera on 12pm
is it possible to transfer data perfectly to a new iphone and still maintain my jailbreak or is that not possible?
no, there isn't. see, the device goes into restore mode, which is exactly what it sounds like, and the iboot loader(something that a jailbreak can't touch unless it's checkm8 based), ibec, ibss, and llb, things you don't have to worry about, all need to be fully signed with shsh for the ecid(a chip number unique to your device and your device only) of that device. a jailbreak can't take control of that, unless it's checkm8(which isn't a jailbreak alone, mind you), which can downgrade your device, to any firmware you want, provided that the sep(a seperate chip responsible for your security) is compatible, and so is the baseband(the radios in your device that wi-fi only ipads and ipods don't have).
im new here, just wondering is it possible for me to jailbreak my ipad 14.6 ion know shi about jailbreaking but i wanna do it
u0 had loads of issues. messages and photos not loading, apps not loading, browser issues, crashes, etc. i just stopped updating and learned to live with standard 14.3 until i could get a pc to swap to new jb
guys on reddit a guy told me a jailbreak will come for 14.4 iphone 12 when this is released, what is this
first of all its a 14.7 exploit, 2nd its to show he has the exploit but is just waiting to release it
just a question anyone else feel that a new jailbresk is around the corner with sll the talks of a day one exploit in 14.7?
modernpwner basically says the exploitation is "trivial enough" that other people will do it for 14.6 and below anyway
idk how these jailbreak updates work? are they usually random? and do they go by .1 usually? like 14.5 - 14.5.x, 14.6 - etc
im new to jailbreaking is there not a 14.6 jailbreak out for the iphone 11 pro max? and if not, is there a way to downgrade versions? or i just gotta wait until a break gets released
heyllo everyone i got a new iphone iphone 7 and i jb with checkra1n on ios 14.6 and i install a couple tweaks but after like 1-2 days i unlock my iphone and i tryy and click the icons and they dont open i lock my phone and then unlock it and when i unlock it there arent any icons and the iphone crashes and then i have to force reboot.any idea what is going on or how to fix it ?
you see, this ipad was a lot of money and my birthday present, if ace is exploited using a zero click method, with the right people, it could be very dangerous
if i have a jail broken 11 on 14.3 with unc0ver can i somehow use it to downgrade an xr and jailbreak?
the poc we got depends on a webkit exploit which is only available for 14.5-14.6, i wonder if somehow people will get support for 14.4 and 14.7
so went fron android to ios and android have apk's meaning i can download spotify premium free and manga readin apps with all manga for free anthing like this in ios jailbreak?
there is indeed a kernel exploit for 14.7 and below. it just has to be reviewed and published, so not yet
what do i do if i wanna jailbreak my phone i have an iphone xr the update is 14.6 and i use windows ive never jailbroken before either and idk how to
if the ipad i'm getting in replacement for my brother's old one is an ipad 8, can i jailbreak it with taurine?
i'm getting a new ipad soon because we lost my brother's old one. if it's an ipad 8, can i use checkra1n?
14.4.2 might not work unless we get a webkit exploit published for it or they manage to get the entitlement working for it somehow... but delayed ota exists (and futurerestore for a11-)
is it possible to set nonce without jailbreak? (i have an a9x device which is not jailbreakable on anything higher than 14.4.2 and i have 14.4.2 blobs so i want to downgrade)
im trying to jailbreak my ipad 7th gen (ios 14.7) checkra1n is linux and mac only (i only have windows) apps like odyssey and unc0ver are unsupported. what can i do to jail break my ipad?
hey guys. looking for a good option to stream my ipad screen to my pc. is there a jailbreak tweak for this? looking for a free option
so there is a chance if the 14.7 jb is released that it could be a 0 day basically making it garbage?
so if he released it as a 0 day that would mean that if combined with another exploit any hacker could easily gain full access over any iphone
hey guys i've been confused by all the info i've read. is it recommended not to jailbreak on 14.3 and above? i've seen that you can on a11 devices above 14.3 but is it recommended?
not sure where to start...if i'm running 14.4.2 on iphone 11...with a windows machine...which jb can i use?
i have a 12 pro max running 14.7.1 could i still jailbreak? the software version was done accidentally.
does anybody know why i'm not getting notifications from my messages app? i'm on taurine 1.0.5 and ios 14.2 on iphone 11 pro
hello guys, i forgot to charge my iphone and now i don't have the checkrain app but have cydia but can't open them, i tried to install checkrain from my mac but don't know how to do it, anyone could help?
hi everone, i have an ipad 4 mini running ios 14.7, i know i can jailbreak it with checkra1n but it's semi-tethered so it will need a re-jailbreak after a reboot, but i wonder what if i dont re-jailbreak it, would it function normally without cydia like a non-jailbroken device?
hi guys . genuine question. i am on 14.4.2 12 pro max . for jb better to be on lower firmware . but 14.7 is highly likely to be jb . not better to update to 14.7 so i can benefit of updates with high chances of jb?
i don't have a usb device i can put checkra1n on, but i will buy one off amazon now to arrive tomorrow- i've never used checkra1n before and don't have a linux or mac device, so i'm guessing i would need to tell my bios to boot from usb? is there anything specific i need to do with the files?
what versions does unc0ver support up to? i just got an iphone 12 mini and its on ios 14.2.1 so i'm just wondering if it is possible.
in the subreddit it said that they found a new exploit for 14.7 right before 14.7.1 was released lol
correction, it took 8 days, february 2th 14.3 was unsigned, february 10th modern pwner released the exploit
how reliable is checkrain. if i jailbreak 14.7.1 is my phone going to get stuck without a jb for 2 years again
for my chrome book when i plug  my iphone in it will not trust how do i make it trust my iphone for checkra1n
doesn't seem like the current exploits are enough for a jb so it's possible by the time we get one 14.6 may be included too
i'm jailbroken on 14.2 but i have a friend who's running xr 14.4.2. if he doesn't have blobs saved from an earlier version, is there any other method of getting him to downgrade to 14.3 or lower to use taurine?
i have iphone 6s plus and ios 14 which ios version is the best while i can still jailbreak should i upgrade to ios 14.6 as well?
that was ur only light tbh, i bootlooped my xs a few weeks back and without a jailbreak now, i can't even use my 14.2, 14.3, 14.4, etc blobs
serious question why is there no jailbreaks for iphone 11 yet do i really gotta find an x if i want to do this?
blobs are keys that reqires a jb to use them that can get you to lower versions, but you can only grab them while they're signed and you can't use someone else's. you can't get blobs for versions other than 14.6 and 14.7 at the moment
first we thought next jb will be up to 14.4.2, now maybe 14.5.1, but we still don't have enough so it could get pushed up to 14.6 or 14.7 by the time we get there if we're lucky
dose anyone have a 14.3 restore point i could use to jailbreak my phone or is that not how it works? sorry im new to this
nah, you just gotta stay on as low ios version as possible, after the person that found the exploit notifys apple of the exploit, they are required to give apple 90 days to fix it before releasing it to the public.
those pangu11.mobi videos for ios 11.4-11.4.1 were made back when we did not have a legit jailbreak for those firmwares. do we have a legit jailbreak yet?
hi .. any idea when jb fro 14.6 its coming out ? especially for iphone 12 pro max i been waiting for it
i was jailbroken on 14.1 earlier this year but recently got a new phone and am now on 14.6 does anyone know if there is any chance of a 14.6 jb for iphone xs soon?
i just talk about random shit until some idiot comes through asking how to jailbreak their iphone 12 pro max on 15.0 beta
but if you do have blobs saved for 14.3 you can now set your generator and downgrade and get taurine
i am in a bit over my head and havent been keeping up with any jailbreak news...  i have an ipad air 3 thats currently jailbroken on 12.2 is there anyway to go up to something newer while keeping jailbreak?
well it is 14.6  already thought to update to 14.7 and jailbreak it, some website said it can be jailbroken with zeon or uncover don't know what these are, i used to jailbreak my device way back 5 years ago
is there anyway i can jailbreak my iphone 11 ios 14.6 without using those applications like unc0ver and taurine. i have a windows computer.
yes i jailbreaked my ipad pro with unc0ver but i want to use a hack that works better with checkra1n and this is a cheap ipad i bought off my neighbour
iphone 6s ios 14.7. its supported with checkra1n and i plan to do it but first i want to know what can happen to my device
hey i just got an iphone xs a few days ago and wanted to jailbreak it. its running 14.6 is it possible on this yet?
i have an iphone 7 running ios 14.4.2 jailbroken through checkra1n ive had minimal problems with it for months and any problems i did have were minimal until recently. i don't know if i downloaded something that caused the issue or not but out of nowhere the other night my phone went into a boot loop and i can't fix it any suggestions
i just wanna make sure i can update to 14.6 if it becomes unsigned before there is a jailbreak for a13 for 14.6
guys i need help please, my iphone se 2nd gen is jailbroken on ios 13.4.1 and the "other storage' is taking up 60gb and i tried rebooting my phone. is there any way i can update to a version of ios 14 that i can jailbreak without blobs?
hey can someone help me with checkra1n, im having an issue installing it on my iphone x, version ios:14.4.2
i also have a phone on 14.5 i wanna jb when it comes out for 14.5 but im not gonna just hold a code and not let anyone else get it lol
new to this discord thing so just a quick question. anyone know if the m1 ipads will ever be jailbreak compatible? like anytime in the near future or is most likely far off or not likely at all.  thanks
isn't there a site for odyessyra1n? i want to know if i can switch to that from checkra1n on ios 14.2
because the on-topic issue is i don't know if i can restore and jailbreak this ipod 5th gen, knowing that i can probably dd it
with unc0ver, i was unable to do the things i can do now.. like run a full-blown 1.17 minecraft paper server on my iphone
i used blobsaver to save a blob for 14.5, so i could update and come back to jailbreak later, but it saved the blob for 14.6 and 14.7 instead of 14.5
would someone be able to point me in the right direction to jailbreak an iphone x on ios 14.4, if possible? if it's not just let me know, and sorry for bothering
is it fair to say the next unc0ver jailbreak (or generally any jailbreak that isn't checkra1n) will be for ios 15 or above? wondering if i should keep my ip 12 pro max on 14.4 or just upgrade
i can't even upgrade my unc0ver on this particular iphone. because it's on a version of ios that can't install it.
iphone 11 pro max, uncover 6.1.1. cannot open any apps at all. lock button does not do anything. any ways to force a restart?
because apple has a system to prevent jailbreaking. every firmware has something called shsh, which makes it a valid firmware. at will, apple can unsign and re-sign the shsh for any firmwares. right now, the only ones currently signed are ios 14.6 and ios 14.7. that way, no one can downgrade to ios 13 or ios 14.3 to jailbreak
hi , are there any chances of expecting a jailbreak for ios 14.6 for iphone 12pro or i should just wait for ios 15 jailbreak?
bruh i've looked everywhere and i just can't find the answer, is it possible to jailbreak iphone xr 14.4.2?
i had altstore jailbreak on 14.3 with the weekly update but it expired and idk how to activate the jailbreak again, the pc app isnt working
i had altstore jailbreak on 14.3 with the weekly update but it expired and idk how to activate the jailbreak again, the pc app isnt working
hey guys. i just found my old iphone 6 still running ios 12. if i jailbreak it, what are some cool things i can use it for?
i have a question can i jailbreak my ipad 7th generation on ios 14.6 i got recovery mode froced me to install the update
just bcz new iphone firmware cums out doesnt mean new jailbreak will come out the same day i dont even think thats possible
you cannot jailbreak ios 14.4 or higher if your are using a device with a12 or higher. checkra1n and odysseyra1n still work on a11 and lower!
guys why is there only one channel though ?? even just adding a "14.6 jailbreak" channel and typing its not out yet and no eta because of apple patching and stuff
**there is no exploit that can fully allow for an arm64e jailbreak with 14.4+ currently, stop asking**
hopefully a jailbreak will be soon because of the new imessage virus that is on ios 14.6 so then apple will push emergency update so then we can get a update.
that's not to say i wouldn't jb but since i can't go back to 14.3 because my blobs are ota... right now i prefer ios 15
you guys think if there are any chances for 14.5.1 exploit to be actually useful enough to make a stable jailbreak?
probably a dumb question. if i did an icloud backup while my iphone was jailbroken does it save any of the internal jailbreak files?
i am not very smart with these things, i am just trying to basically unjailbreak so i can update my phone.. tired of apps on the appstore saying "you need ios 13 and above"
is there any jailbreak from an iphone xs most likely latest version? my dad is gonna give me his old phone when the display is fixed on it
i remember jailbreaking my iphone 6 a long time ago lol, it was pretty easy. recently got a 12 has anything changed since then?
so i was able to use checkra1n on usb drive to jailbreak iphone 7 ios 14.6 on windows 10 laptop but when i click on checkra1n app and install cydia it gives about 12 warning triangles and says 6 essential upgrades necessary. i try to install them but just returns to screen with warning triangles messages and return to cydia button. i am unable to install any apps because that screen is always there
if i jailbreak my iphone is there an easier way of adding music from my pc to my phone than using itunes?
somebody pls tell me how i can jailbreak an iphone 11 currently on 14.6 i can downgrade to previous versions if needed
so any of u geniuses clowning on my stock checkra1n have any clue why tf my computer wont copy images to my iphone over usb anymore?
so i just upgraded to ios 14.6 and i still can't jailbreak because unc0ver only does 14.3 and checkrain is mac or linux and i'm on windows 10
thanks but smserver still requires iphone to be jailbreak so i'm back to the original problem how to jailbreak ios 12.1.4
hello all i have a problem hoping you can help. just bought iphone 7 with ios 12.1.4 and cannot figure out how to jailbreak it. unc0ver requires altstore and it won't load unless ios 12.2. any ideas?
any cool repos i should get for my jailbroken iphone 3g running ios 4.2.1 with the greenpois0n jailbreak?
i remember in like ios 10.4 you could just load up safari and get a decent jailbreak that worked and now u have to wait 3 months for one....
i have uncover on ios 14.3 and i want a strong jailbreak detection and a-bypass worked except for my banking app, so i heard taurine have a better jailbreak bypass tweak
hey can i downgrade ios 14.6 to 14.3 so i can jailbreak? im new in jailbreak community so plz dont hate
i wiped my iphone 7 plus and reinstalled checkra1n. it installed a cydia with residual files. any way to delete everything and start over?
so does anyone know when the unc0ver or other programs will support 14.6? is it when they become unsigned or like in 5-6 months, or is it unknown
so, is there a jailbreak for iphone 6s that doesnt require a home screen button, cuz i heard redsn0w doesnt need the homebutton, but my phone is running 13.5
the real question: hey, jbcheckra.com isn't working, and i rlly wanna get checkra1n on a14, can someone help?
for how long are we supposed to wait for 14.4 jailbreak ios 15 is already in its betas and we are still so behind
i just inherited an old iphone 6 plus and i was wondering if by jailbreaking it i could install old versions of apps (as some apps require at least ios 13 that the 6 plus can't update to)
thank you to rubycry and mohamed, you helped me figure out how to jailbreak my ipad after 2 years of failure
can't wait for ethernet adapters get scalped to shit for unc0versomebitches for ios 14.69 download here!.youtube.com
if i went to the apple store and got a new battery for the iphone would they get rid of my jailbreak or would it do anything?
are there any other ways to restore root fs on ios 12.1.3 rather than trying to downgrade unc0ver version
can some1 help me? i got a ipod touch 2nd gen mc and i tried to jailbreak it with sn0wbreeze but itunes gives me a error (3194) when i try to restore it with the ipsw
a semi-tethered jailbreak is one where the device is able to start up on its own, but it will no longer have a patched kernel, and therefore will not be able to run modified code. it will, however, still be usable for normal functions, just like stock ios, unlike a tethered jailbreak, which would not boot at all.
depends, i liked ios 14... but the lowest you can update to is 14.4.2 right now unless you have blobs, which doesn't have a jb for a12+ yet
hello there. how to jailbreak iphone 11? i am using the 14.6 operating system. i was unable to downgrade. does anyone have information?
hello i have a 6s plus running 13.1 should i update firmware to 14.6 and jailbreak or stay on 13.1 ? also can i jailbreak with unc0ver on 13.1
hello guys im new to this server, and i want to jailbreak my iphone xsmax how do i do it? its on ios 14.6
has anybody managed to bypass jb detection on indian payment apps off late? liberty lite doesn't seem to work on gpay and phonepe. need help! (checkra1n'd iphone x on 14.6)
hi i'm an iphone 8 on ios 14.6 and i wanted to use uncover but i can't seem to make the bub kind at the end what do ??
any solution for this problem? i can't send photos, videos, stickers or files on whatsapp (uncover 5.3.1, iphone 7 ios 13.0)
hey guys, any solution for this problem? i can't send photos, videos, stickers or files on whatsapp (uncover 5.3.1, iphone 7 ios 13.0).
sorry for the probably stupid question, my first try jailbreaking. is there currently a working jailbreaking app for 14.4? only one i know is uncover which only helps up to 14.3
i have an iphone 7, i could upgrade to 14.4 and use checkrain, but i prefer the semi-untethered jailbreak.
i want to jailbreak my iphone 7 plus (a10 processor) ios 14.6 but my computer is window. is there an easy way and if so can somebody tell me what it is?
i guess this happened in ios 13 too. later versions of ios 13 were not jailbreakable for newer iphones. it was when unc0ver first released a jailbreak for ios 14 - 14.3
no what i mean is are developers more likely to release a jailbreak for ios 15 or can we expect 14.6 to be jailbroken in the near future for a12 and up
bro i almost asked when is comming out unc0ver for ios 14.6, then i heard in his video that u can get banned for it lol
bro i almost asked when is comming out unc0ver for ios 14.6, then i heard in his video that u can get banned for it lol
bro i almost asked when is comming out unc0ver for ios 14.6, then i heard in his video that u can get banned for it lol
im waiting for the same thing for my iphone 12 pro max so we all in the same boat, i got a 2nd hand iphone x just so i can jailbreak (iphone x is the last phone with support for higher softwares) as far as i know
how could i jailbreak a new phone if it comes with a newer version of ios? i don't think thats possible
i have an iphone 6s running ios 12.4.1 and jailbroken with uncover. i need to get a new phone as mine is on its way out, but i can't give up jailbreak. what are the chances that ios 15 will have a jailbreak?
if i jailbreak my ipad , is there any tweak which makes me run an android app on my ipad , or android os vm?
so when new ios comes out and i want jb again i will just odysra1n ? or checkra1n first then odysra1n? im confused a little
imagine all ios versions somehow were signed, and every jailbreak noob would try to go to ios 13 and break sep lmao
ok so i have been having problems with the 5s ios12.5.4 so i found a iphone 6 with ios 12.4.2 what jailbreak would work ideally i want cydia not to pirate just preferences
so is there any way to re-assign uncover app directly from the phone? re-provision is not launching for me... iphone x, 14.2
i'm sorry in advance for asking this but can i jailbreak an iphone 6s plus on the newest software? i'm currently on ios 14.0 but i'd perfer to be able to something more optimised
does checkra1n support ipad 6th gen on ios 14.6 yet?  they said they "hope to support it in the coming weeks".
any jailbreak that has cydia and is on iphone 11 and ios 14.6 (im a noob btw so i may not know somethings)
reprovision reborn, crashes on launch, since i had to re-jailbreak... tried uninstall and fresh install... any fix? (iphone x 14.2 uncover)
any reason not to update to ios 14.6 for iphone x? i was on ios13 checkrain for about a year, been unjailbroken for about two months ever since phone restart and haven't rejailbroken
i just learned about jailbreaking and i have a question. can i somehow jailbreak iphone 11 with ios 14.6.?
ok so i have a question: i have an iphone 11 pro max ios 13.4 jailbroken with unc0ver but i want to update to 14.3 specifically is this possible?
hey how is ios 14.4 a13 jailbreak looking, ive been inactive for a little while im not asking for wen eta just whats in the news
it's annoying how the last fully untethered jb is for ios 9.3.4, but ios 9.3.5 is where the iphone 4s and the ipad 2 dropped support(ios 9.3.6 for cellular)
if you're using the same jb tool on a higher ios version i don't believe you need to back up any tweak settings even if you restore rootfs
so i know that if i jailbreak a11 on ios 14 with checkra1n it will lose all sep functionality and i am not trying to complain but can someone explain me the technical reason why that is?
how can i bypass it without downloading a tweak (one doesnt exist for my app according to that list). is updating my ios the only way? can i get rid of the jailbreak without updating?
apple hates jailbreaking, so they fix exploit that could lead to one with every ios version. the highest jailbreakable version is ios 14.3. you're not on that. you need to wait for a vuln to be released, and then an exploit, and then a jb
(such as how 14.5.1 works on a14 now, the u0 recovery mode loop issue, the benefits and downsides to delay ota, etc.)
or at least is there any working jailbreaks for ios 14.6? i dont think i can downgrade since i dont have any saved blobs
hi, im completely new to the process of jailbreaking (im subbed to the reddit and am aware of the general concept but dont know how to go about doing it) and id really appreciate if someone could help me get going with jailbreaking my iphone 8 (ios 14.6) since i dont know where to start and the faq on reddit is confusing and overwhelming me
will there be a checkra1n version released for ipad 8th gen ios 14.5 or do i need to wait for a different pc jailbreak?
hello, i am currently on ios 14.4.2 on my iphone 11 pro is there a point of staying on in hopes of a jb or should i just update to 14.6?
imma seat here waiting for a miracle and for it to staay on ios 14.2 but with the iphone restored so i can still do the jb
hi, i read on the subreddit a couple months ago about how you can use a watchos profile (or was it idevice?) to make applewatch usable on older ios version iphone without updating your iphone and losing jb. i think a guy was selling it for $5 or something. anyone know if it's legit?
i know. i can't jailbreak 14.6 in a way i want it, so just making sure i can downgrade whenever i want.
hey guys i got jailbreak and when i close my ipad or my charge off the jailbreak get off i heard about a tweak for you can someone send me that tweak
but, can i jailbreak ios 12 on my ipad and then use some tweak to manually upgrade it to a ipad os version that has jailbreak?
ok, so i have a ipad mini 5, on ios 12, i kept it that way because it worked smooth. i want to jailbreak it but i want to update it to ipados so i can have all the ipados features. how do i do that? i know you can't jump from ios 12 straight to ipados, you need to update to the latest versions.
aight, i was asking cause i messed up, i downloadded ios 14.4.1 on iphone xr (a12) thinking i could jailbreak and now im stuck with it until a jailbreak releases for it
so i jailbroke my iphone 8 on ios 14.5 with checkra1n and i had to restart springboard for an app. it spins for ~5 mins then restarts. i have tried using mterminal to do killall springboard which also has the same issue. how can i fix this?
if i used checkra1n can i switch to u0 without restoring rootfs and expect all the tweaks to work? iphone 7+ ios 12.2
anyone know how i can either downgrade my iphone from ios14.6 to ios 14.3 or a reputable jailbreak for ios14.6?
folks i had problems with my backup phone (iphone 6) with chimera, anyone tried u0 on old phones? what about if you compare both
rapidra1n is an untethered jailbreak for all devices on earth. it can jailbreak windows, linux, macos, ipados, ios, android, and chromeos. doesnt matter the chip
i need to find out the reason behind ios12.5.4 not having jailbreak and how do i jailbreak my iphone 6 rn
okay so just wanna ask a quick question. im on ipad 5th gen and ios 14.4.2. can i just use checkrain?
the next jailbreak will most likely be 14.4.2-14.5.1, however the webkit exploit (which allows you to run the jailbreak from the browser without sideloading an app) is 14.5+, so pwn-my will be 14.5-14.5.1 initially and once we get a kernel exploit for 14.6 it will be 14.5-14.6
what good free tweaks are there? i have not been jailbreaking since like the start of ios 13 so idk what is new
i would like to jailbreak my phone i have an iphone x and its ios version is 14.6 how could i jailbreak? where do i start i gusse or whats best to use and can i jailbreak on ios 14.6
is it possible to update my jailbroken iphone 11 pro max (currently on ios 13.3) to ios 14.3 and keep my jailbreak?
i'm trying to jb iphone 6 12.5.4 with checkra1n, but when i connected via usb, nothing happened and it's still showing the same thing with a greyed out "start" button. can anyone help?
can i use checkrain to jailbreak my iphone 8 ios 14.6 rn? i just got my iphone 8 today and been through a lot of scams recently so wouldnt mind some help thanks
can anyone help me with jailbreaking my iphone x ios 14.6, im kinda stupid and new to this whole jailbreaking thing (laptop is windows)
why tf is it taking so long for a 14.4 jb i mean there have been so many kernel exploits that were patched
if i try to jailbreak an ipad using a computer with oddessyra1n, can i restore the computer i was using perfectly how it was? and is there risks of not restoring it?
i know you said first gen but so there's no confusion, checkra1n can't jailbreak any ipads with face id
is there a jailbreak for 12 pro max - ios 14.5??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
guys i need your help. i'm on ios 13.5 and using uncover jailbreak. appstore++ keeps crashing when i want to downgrade. is the tweak not working at the moment?
hey everyone, i'm new here and still very new to jailbreaking. i had to get a completely new iphone x recently and it came with ios 14.4 already installed on it. i was pretty much hoping and praying for 14.3 or earlier because i was familiar with the uncover jailbreak method i had been using since ios 12, but i am completely new to downgrading, and i don't know how to do any of the "saving blobs" things. i am fairly sure i'm late and need to stay patient for some method of an ios 14.4 compatible jailbreak, but was just wondering where i should pay attention to stay updated for that information. anything helps, thanks.
is it possible to revert to an older version of ios if i have a saved blob, and change the type of jailbreak after reverting?
just curious... what is the current ios i can jailbreak for iphone 12 pro max?  i was looking online but found some 14.6 jailbreaks but they seem a lil sketchy
so now that i saved my blobs on 14.6 if i update my phone further when other updates come out i can always come back to 14.6 if a jailbreak comes out for this version right?
hello, can someone help me, i wanted to jailbreak my phone with chekra1n, i have an iphone 6s plus cok ios 14.6, i have a problem that when starting the jailbreak i get an error that fails when putting it in recovery mode, does anyone know what is that error called?
is there a way to make my ipad pro a later ios version? so i can jailbreak my ipad that actually works
hey guys, can anyone help me? i downgraded my iphone 5s (a7) to 12.0.1 (tethered). so now, i *somehow* need to jb it, anyone knows how? the issue is that it shouldnt be rebooted
ok so wait, i have an ipad 6 on 14.4.1, to jailbreak i need checkrain but i need to do it through my laptop, how do i transfer the jailbreak from my laptop to my ipad
is there a jailbreak that'll work for my device then? i'm on ios 14.6 and odysseyn1x doesn't work for a11
i'm just wondering, but is there a jailbreak iphone 12 pro max ios 14.6-jkjk. is there anyone on iphone x ios 14.3 using checkra1n? prolly not
does someone know how to get unc0ver right now? anyone signing it or some? because altsttore isnt working with mail plug in because of 14.0. does anyone know how to bypass?
anyway, thanks for the help fellas, if my iphone ends up jailbreak i'll keep u in touch, else : fuck it
i was just afraid that it would force me onto the latest update and i'd be stuck in a situation like my ipad that can't currently jailbreak
so, if i get an se that is already updated to 14.6, i can't go back (or jailbreak either) without blobs, but if i get one that still has 10, i can update and jailbreak?
i was hoping to keep it back as far as possible just bc the battery life on the ogse is so bad, but without blobs, could i jailbreak a device that ships with ios 10?
most jb features are available natively on ios nowadays. i mainly used it for safari downloader+. although there is an anatomy app which i use, and isn't available on the us app store anymore.
ive just restore rootfs on my iphone 11 pro and now my carrier doesnt want to activate, i have tried all the tutorials on how and done an factory reset while no updating because i wan to jailbreak. my phone is on ios 13.7, is there anyway to fix the issue?
hi, i have a question, maybe it's impossible but i heard on some sites it's possible if you had that version in the past, is it possible to downgrade to a older ios version on a iphone 7 to use another types of jailbreak? currently i'm using checkra1n to jailbreak.
im sorry hi but im honestly new too jailbreak can i jailbreak an iphone 7+ with ios 14.5.1? like is it out or?
hello, i am jailbreaking an iphone 3g and managed to work it in redsn0w and put it to dfu mode but it keeps on having the sign 'waiting to reboot' and doesn't jailbreak, how do i fix that?
the gpz exploit write up was supposed to come before yesterday, however apple can request another 14 days
didnt the past few ios updates patch quite a few webkit exploits so there would be a lot of doors anyways
i updated from 14.3 lol. the jailbreaks are unstable imo and i only really want to use app tweaks anyways
hey, i am fairly new in jailbreaking. would it be possible to jailbreak iphone 8 with ios 14.4.2 (without mac)?
the last time i talked here my iphone 7 didn't wanna jailbreak but i was on ios 15 and downgraded and then jailbroke and my repos are still there and if i download a tweak i had before then it still has my settings and i have no idea how
has 14.5.1 been absolute terrible for anyone? i instantly noticed a battery drain and i have to force restart 1-2 days.  i was on 14.5 and me being a genius saw the exploits ran into 14.5.1 decided to update thinking apple fixed bugs not included more.
alright, so iphone 6 ios 12.5.1. options are unc0ver, chimera, checkra1n, and odysseyra1n. what do i choose? also can i have all the package managers at once? like cydia next to sileo next to installer next to zebra next to milo?
how do i take a blob of my phone since i'm planning to upgrade to 14.6 (ik theres no jb for 12 series for 14.4-14.6)
ios 14.3 and below for any device, and devices with a11 and lower chips can be jailbroken with checkra1n (iphone 11 pro is a13 however)
i have a question but its not about jailbreak. i installed alt store, i found it but i cannot find it in app library or searching it. what can i do to access it? my iphone isnt jailbroken.
it's tethered on ios 6 but u can install p0sixspwn from cydia (or just use the p0sixspwn jailbreak if u arent carrier locked)
hiya, is there a jailbreak tweak that would allow me to install an app that requires a higher version from the appstore? i have a 13.5 ipad pro but the app says it requires 14.3. wondering if it'll actually work on versions below that, so i'm willing to try.
the webkit exploit works on 14.6 yes, but you cannot currently and may not ever be able to use it to jailbreak
or is there any way to actually update ota to 14.5.1 on a14 maybe? since that might be jailbreakble soon
if you came around 2 months ago you actually could've jumped to 14.3 but you're stuck on 13.0 if you want a jailbreak
yo, ive got a ipad 7th generation on ios 14.4.2 and a iphone x on ios 14.5 is it possible to jailbreak them.
there was never an "official" jailbreak unless you count apple being nominally okay with jailbreaking on "ios" 1 so third party devs could make apps before the official sdks came out on iphoneos 2
hey does anyone here know if there is a jailbreak for 14.6 yet? i'm assuming if there is it would be checkra1n.
damn, how do i downgrade to 14.5.1, im on 14.6 atm, but i can do whatever to downgrade or get acess to a jb
ok so im new to all of this stuff and i need some help, i have a iphone 6 running ios 12.5.4 and whenever i reboot the checkrain loader is gone and cydia instantly crashes when i open it and the only way i have figured out how to fix it is by going through checkrain again and i have no idea whats going on
hello, i would like to know how to jailbreak, i never did one, i have a 6s plus with ios 14.6 version
hey, i am trying to jailbreak an iphone 5c for a friend. every guide i have seen requires cydia impactor. but now cydia impactor requires an apple dev account for $90 a month to work. anyone know how to jailbreak the phone without getting a dev account or having to connect to a computer every week?
do you think there will be a jailbreak for ios 14.4 for the iphone 11 and 12 ? i'm thinking of switching to ios because i personally don't see and hear about any development. i'm with my new iphone 11 on 14.4, therefore times an assessment.
so, i clicked restore then rebooted the ipad. then i jailbreaker again, can i now install cydia from checkra1n?
hey guys, i was wondering if there is some way out there to jailbreak on ios14.4 with the a13 chip. if you know of any way to do this pls let me know
hey guys! i'm trying to jailbreak an iphone 7 with no home button to get littlexs or something like that to use x gestures. i remember someone gave me a tool to use a long time ago but i can't access that account. can someone help me? bootra1n is not up to date and doesn't work.
hello,  i have ios14.5 xs max, is there any updates about when it will be possible to jailbreak ?   thanks.
but its the last processor checkrain supports so as i said everyone who wants to jb this ipad could do it easily so whats the easiest wy to get rid of the jb in my situation (battery died so im not jailbroken)?
but its the last processor checkrain supports so as i said everyone who wants to jb this ipad could do it easily so whats the easiest wy to get rid of the jb in my situation (battery died so im not jailbroken)
hello all does anyone tried to jailbreak an iphone 8+ ? it looks like it's possible on youtube but i can't do it
i made the store check the serials for it when i went and got mine, sadly they didnt have any so now i have a 12 pro max and a iphone x for jailbreaking
i have my ipad at 14.4, the thing is, i am new to jailbreaking, before i was scared, because i thought that it could brake your device
i got ios 13.4 and ios 14.6 is available to update. however i want to upgrade to ios 14.3 only so i can re-jailbreak my phone. is there any possible way to do so?
hello! i have an extremely dumb question that maybe someone could help me out with. i have an iphone xr that is currently running ios 14.4.2. do you know what jailbreaks are currently avaliable for me?
so im just curious, from my understanding 14.6 isn't a thing & for 14.4 u need to be on iphone x or lower so is it possible at all to jailbreak a iphone se 2nd gen on 14.4 ?
so im 14.6 on a 7+ and whenever i jb with checkra1n any tweak i install even if it is supported it puts me into a bootloop
if you heard me right: so i just jailbroke an a12+ iphone with unc0ver, so is it possible for the unc0ver jailbroken phone on a12+ to boot to pongoos?
do you have a detailed link of ios lines to install jailbreak and tweaks that can be installed, from ios 10. to ios14. let me know
you can still jailbreak on ios 14+ but you will have the face id not working for now because of the sep thing
i can't really answer that question, but maybe explain to them that you would like to keep it on it's current ios because you're running a jailbreak
do you think any jailbreaks for 14.4.2 on a13 will come out this year, i was on ios14.1 but i had to update my phone
is there any way to jailbreak ios 14.6 on an xr? i've used uncover for 14.4 and loved it. had to reset my phone and am stuck on on 14.6.
can you install like ios14 on an jphone 3g if you jailbreak it (like om not going to im just wondering)
can you install like ios14 on an jphone 3g if you jailbreak it (like om not going to im just wondering)
i got a super old ipad 1 (ios 9) was thinking about jailbreaking it but may be too old? all the howto's pickup near ios 11. anyone point me to an old but supported "classic jailbreak"
hey guys i kinda have a question based on curiosity rather than direct help. how do people find out ways to jailbreak newer versions. do they do different trial and error with code and stuff? what do they do?
hello, i'm trying to jailbreak old 6s plus with checkra1n. i am using a linux pc as a host. using the checkrain gui app, it goes to recovery mode but checkrain doesnt detect it and shows that the device couldnt go to recovery mode even tho the iphone shows the recovery mode screen. any tips? (i am able to exit recovery mode). ios 13.6.1
is it possible to restore your iphone back to a different ios version without jailbreaking if it with a unsigned ispw
there isn't a jailbreak for 14.6 right? i just got into jailbreaking cus of all the features (i thought it was illegal) so i don't really know how it works but from i picked up you can't jailbreak versions that are still being signed by apple. because the jailbreak can just be patched in the next software update...
well i would use checkra1n but i have an iphone 12. checkra1n only supports a11 procesors i think. yet the iphone 11 has an a13
you can only get to 14.5.1 with blobs and a jailbreak on current firmware or delayed ota from anything lower than 14.5.1 (both sep and firmware)
yeah that sucks but at least you can use checkra1n. i have an a14 device on 14.4 so checkm8 is a no go
quick question, my iphone xs max (unc0ver) freezed yesterday, it just shows the loading icon in the middle and doesn't react to anything. is there a way to restart the phone?
love how they have phones like iphone 12 pro max, but they gey so salty when they realize they can't jailbreak
no problem! there's a safari-based jailbreak called pwnmy(it's legit, anyone will tell you) for ios 14.5-14.6. it might take a while, but there's light at the end of the tunnel
can i know the carrier that locked my iphone using jailbreak (just knowing because when i have inserted my sim card they told me it's not valid) i will pay the carrier for unlocking
i am trying to jailbreak iphone 6s with ios 14.6, should i reset my device and then try again? as 14.6 is not supported yet? can anyone help here?
i mean if you want *some* sort of eta, 14.4-14.5.1 jb is *probably* coming in at most 1-2 months, but no guarantees, and absolutely nothing known for 14.6+ yet
me because i love dolphinios right and i have to use the beta with taurine but if i use unc0ver then i can have the stable version
how goes it, i have a question so i want to try and jailbreak my iphone 7 its at 14.6v and i see you need usb drive.  atm i dont have one in hand but i have an old android phone. my question is would i be able to use it as a usb drive to upload w.e the jailbreak software is asking me to upload
ok - i wanted to get my iphone semi-jb ... so i ve reboot my all phone and rode a lot about cydia so... after seen that cydiafree cout make skip a step - and still get cydia well ... i download it
ok - i wanted to get my iphone semi-jb ... so i ve reboot my all phone and rode a lot about cydia so... after seen that cydiafree cout make skip a step - and still get cydia well ... i download it
does anyone know, do we have a jailbreak working for a11 for ios 14.4.2, that also doesn't happen to break faceid, applepay etc?
i know the rules about asking for eta and such, but since im entirely new to jailbreaking, on average how long since the day a new ios releases is there a jailbreak for it?
my phone is jailbroken, but the battery is strangely draining. if ios 14.7 is released, should i reset and jailbreak then? (iphone 6sp)
i am all new to this jailbreak thing , just wanted to know if i can jailbreak my 6s on ios 14.6 ( mainly want to jailbreak to use iphone 10 gestures as my home button is broken)
i resigned taurine with reprovision yesterday and now i can't open it, this is the same with odyssey on my ipad, any fixes?
hey guys i have a question im on an iphone 11 pro max right now and im on 13.2.3 - i wanted to update to ios 14 or 14.3 and use uncover. is there anything i can do to update ?
sorry for the noob questions but i wanna get them out of the way before i get my iphone, can i use reprovision to auto resign unc0ver or should i just stick to doing it manually with altstore?
is it possible to jailbreak an iphone xr running 14.4.1 atm? i can only find videos and updates from march
is there any point in keeping my m1 ipad to the lowest version in hopes for a jailbreak of shall i just update it ?
fine, the kernel exploit for ios 14.4-14.5.1 has not yet been released to the public. with this kernel exploit a jailbreak developer such as coolstar can implement it into taurine and then taurine will support the versions that exploit, exploits.
any reason not to update to ios 14.6 for iphone x? i was on ios13 checkrain for about a year, been unjailbroken for about two months ever since phone restart and haven't rejailbroken
i find it funny how apple steals ideas from tweaks every major ios and still tries to abolish jailbreaking
i've got a question. my iphone x is on ios 14.4 right now but i don't have blobs for it. can i use checkra1n to pull apticket.der from it and use futurerestore to install 14.4 again later on?
the big reason that i bring that up is that you could delay ota to 14.4.2 then wait for an exploit to come out
maybe it's possible by taking the "when buttons are holded then go to dfu" code from ios and maybe added to checkra1n
does anyone know what ios an iphone 12 comes out of the box with? i want to get a new phone, but i want to be sure that i can jailbreak with unc0ver right away, and not have to wait for a jailbreak.
hello everyone anybody know how to jailbreak a ipod touch 4g ?  because i can't do it, it's for an untersered jailbreak by the way.
iphone 7 14.3 with taurine reboots after 1-2 hours of being jailbroken with the latest taurine, any suggestions?
i can't wait to move away from 14.1 to a better firmware like 14.4 or 14.5 depending on what exploit we get
ight so i got an iphone 11 with 14.5.1 on it and i miss my jailbreak lol, any jailbreaks out for me or should i downgrade (if possible)
are there any rumors or estimates for when a jailbreak for iphone 11s on ios 14.6 could be released?
i am trying to jailbreak my ipad air 2 with checkra1n but i keep getting error -77. how can i fix that?
i know this might seem like a big request but can someone fill me in on everything that happened since june 2020? also is there a 14.6 jb since i got a new phone lol
who can help me i have i iphone 7 ios14.6 and a windows laptop who can help me with jailbreak my phone
considering macos works on arm-based processors now... would it be possible (assuming the right exploits) to run macos big sur and later on an ipad?
plz help me there was a problem when extracting the app after jailbreaking in ios 12.1. i tried to extract the app using crackerxi, ipainstaller, and clutch, but the extraction was successful, but the app was not decrypted. do you know any way to solve it? ps: jailbreak used uncover.
there was a problem when extracting the app after jailbreaking in ios 12.1. i tried to extract the app using crackerxi, ipainstaller, and clutch, but the extraction was successful, but the app was not decrypted. do you know any way to solve it? ps: jailbreak used uncover.
ios 14.6 on iphone 12 pro max and new ipad with m1 chip any jailbreak out or coming out ?! or anything i can do to downgrade to 14.3 to jailbreak ?
hi guys, in the last 3 days i've been experiencing my iphone xs max ios 14.3 taurine overheating. it's been happening while on facetime and while charging. or facetiming and hotspotting. it freezes and shows blue windows screen. what's wrong with it? i've not installed any tweak in 2-3 weeks and all tweaks are updated.
is there a tweak for 14.3 unc0ver iphone 11 that launches the specific apps without tweak injection etc?
after facetiming, my phone got really warm and froze, then i got blue screen suggesting i got a faulty tweak and needs to reboot. which tweak could have caused this? had this issue for a whole day. iphone xs max ios 14.3 taurine
anyone know if i can just unjailbreak for ios 13 and update to ios 15? (im not jailbreaking after that )
either wait for any possible jailbreaks that work for above 14.3 or you gotta just wait until the ios 15 jailbreaks come out
someone asked why i wanted to upgrade from 14.4.2 to 14.5.1, well i saw a yt movie, saying a safari web based jailbreak is coming, but it will not work for 14.4.2, only for 14.5.1 because it uses a web exploit. hope i'm saying this correctly.
i am kinda new to the apple side of things and own a ipad pro (m1 chip) with ios 14.6 anything i can do to jailbreak it?
rick i have a question any reason why my iphone 8+ takes forever to download an appstore app after using the checkra1n jailbreak?
i'm on 14.4.2 and i'm trying to update to 15.0 beta 1. i can update using the public beta profile and normally update to a stable version just fine, but when i try to update to a developer beta using the two available profiles i can't, it throws the unable to update error. no, it's not me disabling the daemon using icleaner and i use odysseyra1n, haven't disabled it with u0 anyway lol
after installing otaenabler and updating my iphone to 14.6 can i delete unc0ver, cydia... or do i have to "restoreroot fs" to put everything back to stock ?
does anyone know the median time for a jailbreak to be developed? (maybe sooner now because apple has announced a new ios?)
i have iphone 8+ version 14.4.2 . can i jailbreak my phone with a computer or directly with an app ??
```question, i saved shsh blobs when i jailbroke with unc0ver on ios 14.2, can i upgrade to ios 15 beta today and be able to downgrade back to 14.2?```
i think so now i think about it. it sucks cause i have an airtag on the way and i can only be on 14.4 for a jailbreak... damn
hey again, 14.4 2020 se here. should i update to 14.6? there isn't an exploit for 14.4 yet but a webkit exploit for 14.5+. i know it needs a kernel exploit, but will the kernel exploit work on 14.6 and below?
so when ios 15 comes out can i update wait for it to be unsigned jailbreak and keep all my tweaks or will it mess it up i want all the airpod pro features lol
so when ios 15 comes out can i update wait for it to be unsigned jailbreak and keep all my tweaks or will it mess it up i want all the airpod features
hello guys, i have a short question. im now on ios14.4.2 waiting for a jb solution. i want to update to ios15 beta. is there a way to save blobs or something like this to downgrade in the future to 14.4.2 if a jb will come?
can u unjailbreak with odysseyra1n and will it make my ipad normal again and apps that detect jailbreak wont anymore?
id assume a jb would come first but if you want to use ios 15 you can, just know that once ios 14 gets unsigned theres no going back
hey so i upgraded my phone to the 12 pro max and wondering if there were any jailbreakss avalible for it bc i know that checkrain dosnt work and uncover im not sure about and im on ios 14.4 btw
my iphone xr can't open while update it .after watch wwtc,i update taurine 1.0.5,tonight i can't open it. it only show the fucking "apple logo "
so i am using ios 14.3 on iphone 12 pro max, jailbroken via taurine everything was working perfectly but taurine had a new update so i updated it and clicked on jailbreak button so it did it's then taurine page showed up but phone never booted up and showed this blue screen and taurine boot screen right after that then never booted it kept repeating this process every 3-5 minutes
guys i have iphone se 2016 and its ios 14.6 i want to jailbreak it with checkra1n how can i get back old ios so i can jailbreak it
hey anyone here use intelligentpass 4? wondering if i am able to use this after jailbreaking iphone x on ios 14.5.1
so even while im waiting for taurine to come to ios 14 i can still sideload apps im using on my phone?
my apologies but not jailbreak related. is there a way to factory reset a ipod nano 7th gen without itunes?
i tired to jailbreak a ipad running ios 9 and it's not supported any help? i've got a photo of what it shows
i said 14.3- if they could because of checkra1n limitations, and they were asking for the best customisation ability, so i think an x would be best for that in the long-term
i dont know their budget, but there arent really any reasons not to get a later iphone, since checkra1n wont really be usable
hey guys im new to the server and iphones, i recently switched from my samsung for work and absolutely hate how restricting it is. is there anyone willing to walk me threw jailbreaking this hunk of junk?
sooooooow..... anyone know a way to jailbreak ios 14.4.1 on windows (bootable is gooowd) cuz when i try it with checkrain it fails at booting stage (not an official checkra1n iso file)
i might be wrong, but something with the a13 processors was barricading checkra1n jailbreak. is that true? in other words can se2 with 14.5 jailbreak?
iphonne xr ios 14.4 ? i want jailbreak . which method can u guys tell me . i need to jailbreak my ip xr.
hello, i just have a question, i've my iphone 6s plus on ios 14.5.1, is is possible to jailbreak or i need to wait ?
can someone catch me up with the exploit progress for 14.4? i've heard of the webkit exploit for 14.5+ but it still needs a kernel exploit. what exploits have been developed already for 14.4?
hey guys, a bit new here, hope i don't bother anybody with this question. bought a iphone last week with version 14.6. is that version to new to jailbreak?
what jailbreak should u guys advice for iphone 11 pro max (14.2)? (and it is possible without having to be resigned?)
joe not working for me on iphone x 14.2 with uncover jb... i want to hide my home bar, any alternatives ?
anyone knows if 14.6's sep compatible with a11? and does checkrain work (with bpr thing) on 14.6 to set nonce
say you were on an ios version where you started getting locked out of apps and you wanted to upgrade, how would it be possible to save blobs or just upgrade to the latest ios version that is supported by a jailbreak
hey folks, i've been out of the scene for a long while now. i have an old ipad pro still running 10.2 and i'm wondering if there's any chance it can be upgraded to 11.x at this point, with or without jailbreakability. i'm assuming no because i'm sure i didn't save blobs during the window, but i know jb devs are coming up with new wizardry all the time so i thought i'd ask.
hey guys. im on 13.5 uncover jailbreak with an ipad 6. is there anyway for me to be able to update to 14.3 ? im on windows currently
man i got so lucked out when i tried to jailbreak. just happened to be on 14.3, and also on a device i could use checkrain on, wasn't aware of updates and stuff
untethers do exists for ios 9 but i guess if jb apps added a jailbreak function into shortcuts it could happen
i got my iphone se 2020 on version 13.4 (jailbreakable at the time) and then for some fucking brainless reason updated it to 13.5.1. i then wanted to jailbreak it, only to find out i couldn't. then, i was on ios 14.3, and i reset my pin one night when i was high and wasn't thinking. i forgot to write down the pin and i had to reset my iphone. in resetting, it updated to the latest version, 14.5, which is not currently jailbreakable. i was on 14.3 and could've finally jailbroken it, but i just had to get high that night
i just installed cydia from checkra1n app and its not showing up on my home screen or search (iphone x, 14.5.1)
iphone 11 can only be up to 14.3 to jailbreak and the version is unsigned so im buttfucked at this point
i jailbroken my iphone 6 version 12.5.3 cuz someone say if i jailbreak my iphone i can download all apps that are blocked by iphone but how do i download the apps
hello there. i have a iphone 4s. not sure i can jailbreak it. i don't even have appleid anymore, nor email. any help?
u can only jailbreak iphone x and lower using checkra1n currently but it appears an ios 14.4-14.6 jailbreak is getting closer and closer
i have a question i have on my ios 14.6 dowloand altstar and i dont know how to jailbreak or something
um just a quick question, but is it possible to upgrade from ios 13.3.1 to like ios 14 (ios 14.3 or lower so it's jailbreak-able)?
hi there, what about 14.5.1? with this exploit can they patch a11 devices for touch id? like for my 8 plus device?
stay as low as possible, 14.5.1 will be supported by upcoming exploits but 14.4.2 will almost definitely also be supported (except for the webkit exploits, but normal app based jailbreaks will still be possible)
is there any safe ios 14 jailbreak detection bypasses for games like pokemon go, i wanna play the games legit.
if i put my iphone 7 plus  in recovery mode and connect it to checkrain it shows that checkrain v12.1
hey guys ik new here, ive got a question, is there a ios 14.4.2 iphone 11 jailbreak? if not is there an eta for it?
so with checkra1n my phone didn't go into safe mode and stuck on restore mode (on linux) any fix? instead of going to 14.6
yes, i will jailbreak definitely but is there any benefit to ios14 with respect to performance or stability ?
if there will be a jailbreak released using the webkit exploit would ios version 14.5.1 be supported too?
yes, but i wanna get the latest features i can get before jailbreaking, or can i like do something while i'm jailbroken that allows me to get the features from ios 14?
is there any way that i wont lose fingerprint or pin while jailbreaking an iphone 8 plus with ios 14.5.1?
you could either stay and enjoy odyssey, update with blobs to 14.3, or wait update ota to 14.4 or 14.5 one a jb for that comes
hey guys i have iphone se 2nd gen, ios 14.6 rn, how can i jailbreak my phone? obs: i have windows not mac
its for future use hence the name futurerestore, for example im currently on 14.3 but if a jb comes out for 14.5.1 and if i wanted to update then i could even if the ios version got unsigned
hello guys need some advice. waiting for a jailbreak. currently i'm on 14.4.2 should i stay here or should i upgrade to 14.5.1 while it is still signed by apple. the reason for this q is that i saw a yt movie saying there will be a safari, web-based jailbreak for 14.5.1. the q is will this also work for 14.4.2 or will this only work for 14.5.1 many thx for all your advice!
kkjj i want to ask a question is there a jailbreak for 14.6 iphone x s max that will allow you to sideload and customization
hey, i was talking to one of my friends about jailbreka and how i got 1.14.2 sadly, and he said i can force checkrain.,  is this actually possible (12pro)
you can downgrade to ios 6 i think with ur blobs don't remember how i think it's a legacy jailbreak thing tho
it's not like tfp0 was trivial to obtain on ios 13 and earlier either because we still had to wait months for jailbreaks, but apple could afford to block it entirely because it had no *legitimate* use
hey everyone, i'm not really familiar with jailbreaking yet but is it possible to jailbreak an iphone 11 pro max without access to the phone??
rfs on checkra1n; not needed really tbh since you can update just fine without rfsing considering you didn't disable the ota daemon or anything, can say from experience. however i will not encourage bad practice; plus ios will wipe out ur tweak data anyway, only prefs n stuff will be left
i kinda want to buy a iphone 6 just to jailbreak, unless ios 15 drops the 6s plus when it is released
i have 13.5 unc0vered 6.1.2 jailbreak on my iphone x. sometimes my phone will crash and then when i turn on, it is in the unjailbroken state and when i try opening altserver and unc0vered jailbreak app, it will straight up crash. what i have to do is delete them and then reinstall altserver and uncovered to fix it. how do i stop having this situation? thanks
hey, i am new to jailbreaking, anyone knows if its possible to jailbreak an iphone xr on ios 14.4.1 ? thanks
i got an iphone 12 14.6, can i jailbreak? if so is there any big probability to brick my phone foreveeer
hello, i got my hands on an ipad 2 and i wanted to jailbreak it. could i use checkbrain to jailbreak ?
i'm trying to jailbreak iphone 8 14.4.2 with ubuntu by manually putting it into dfu mode and using cli but the cli keeps crashing when i enable untested versions. anyone got any ideas?
if ios 15 adds a feature to override do not disturb for specific apps then i could probably more reasonably say i really don't *need* a jb anymore, but i might still *want* it for some extra nice to have stuff
and if a jailbreak is released for 14.5 will i be able to update from 14.3 to 14.5 without a computer
i've had trouble with iphone 8 ios 14.4.2 saying my phone isn't supported with checkra1n is there a way to jailbreak anyways?
thats not how jailbreaks work tho they dont get outdated they just work on their respective ios versions
my iphone x on 14.4.2 keeps entering recovery mode after my phone dying at no battery while entering recovery in jailbreaking with checkrain, any tips to exit my iphone from recovery?
i have jb my ipad air 2 do you knwo how to fix a buttery problem after jb and some tweaks i see my buttery goes down really fast
so guys, i have an iphone se 2nd generation that is on ios 14.3 jailbroken with unc0ver. i tried using blobsaver to save blobs and i tried saving apnonce. without reading, i clicked jailbroken. it then complained about missing libirecovery.so and went into restore mode. "no big deal" i thought, and i hard restarted it. but every time i hard restart, and yes i am disconnected from a computer, it boots into restore mode. did i just lose my jailbreak? i do not have blobs for any ios version.
tried to use checkra1n on an iphone 7 ios 14.2.2, it does everything right but the app doesnt show up.
hello i been tryna jailbreak 14.4.2. i been trying all day and no result. i dont have a mac or a linux pc. can anyone help me
im really new to jailbreaking, and i have ios14.6 on iphone11pro. any updates as to when a developer will be updating for my version, or no?
hi guy ( sorry for my bad english )... im new here and i want to jailbreak my iphone 8 plus on 14.4.2 and windows is my pc, i can do something ? someone can help me pls ? thank you
guys i need little help, i have iphone x ios 14.1 and 12 pro max ios 14.4.1 what i want is to jailbreak pro max 14.4.1 but first downgrade 12 pro max ios 14.4.1 to 14.3. i have iphone x ios 14.1 and i need help how to do the first step
hm would it be easier to upgrade from 13.3.1 to 14.3 or downgrade from 14.4 ? or is it possible to jailbreak 14.4 ?
can i just save my iphone data in itunes and facto reset it will it work too? sec solution if taurine dead too
i got a pretty basic question. ive got a iphone x on ios 14.4.2 and i read that you could jailbreak on the x regardless of the ios version is that right? and if it is whats the way to do it? ive already tried checkra1n but it doesnt seem to work for me through a vm
would i have to use alt store every time to resign unc0ver or could i use reprovision (if it still works on ios14)
i was hear yesterday and was asking ab jailbreaking i hsve iphone 12 pro max ios 14.4.2 but now i have a computer with me is it still not possible for me to jailbreak???
which i should do if i want to upgrade? i think i'll just wait for a jb to be released for ios 14.4.1..
hey i have a question this ipa ist an jailbreak but when i want to load it on my iphone 5s ist let crash my iphone and then it always that mode for itunes
i am on ios 14.2 (this whole time i was talking about my ipad) and i want to stay on that version to maybe jailbreak again in the future
so i can upgrade to 14.5.1 save blobs come back to 13.5 (with blobs) and upgrade when jb is released?
i am trying to jailbreak with checkra1n 0.12.4 to my ipad pro 1'gen with ios 14.5.1 installed but it always crashes in this screen. do you have any advice? thank you
probably will since both exploits that have been found that will probably be released are for 14.4-14.5.1
guys what do you think the eta of ios 14.4 jailbreak = any news on 14.4 jailbreak? = ios 14.4 jailbreak eta wen
hey guys, can pwn20wnd hurry up the 14.7 beta 1 untether jailbreak? unc0ver pog btw taurine shit because it won't install for me. i use my own site for signing (piracy)
everyones gunn rush to 14 once the new jailbreak is released.. i implore you all to stay if you find your jailbreak is stable and working right
should i update to ios 15 or stay on jb ios 14? im a cra1n user ill get the jb on 15 anyways after some time
i have cydia installed but i just saw that there is a repo for sileo. can i get the repo and install sileo? jailbroken on iphone 8 plus on 14.5.1 using checkra1n
im at 14.5.1 on a xr. lans seems to have been able to jailbreak on 14.6 on their iphone 7. is there anyway i can jailbreak my xr if so uhhh lmk would be a great help.
it'll probably ship on latest, idk how different m1 is from a14, but if i had to guess, a future jb will work on it
will the new ipad pro m1 ship with ios 14.5.1 or 14.6? how likely is it that a potential jailbreak works with m1 devices on ios?
hey, i have a iphone 11 on 14.4. i understand that i cannot downgrade this phone, which i am sad about. i'm wondering if i should make the downgrade to the iphone x since checkra1n makes a exploit for almost every version.
hey all - i used unc0ver awhile ago, but later uninstalled it, now on ios 14.5.1.  i think i left unc0ver's "disable auto updates" button checked, and now i can't get ota updates. just did a factory reset on my device and it's still throwing an error when i try to software update. how can i get rid of the unc0ver setting? will putting it in restore mode help?
pretty much no as of how hard and rare untethered exploits are to make, there was an ios 11 one named spice but it was never finished
hey guys i have an iphone 6s on 14.3 jb with taurine. is there any way i can change my device so it shows up on find my iphone like it is an iphone 12 pro
if u can wait for ios 14.4 jailbreak on that ip 11, u can go to 14.4 since u got ur x which u can jb. or just stay on 13.0
lol hold up. an app that insta crashed on ios 13.5.1 checkra1n and u0 forcing me to use a-bypass, works without any tweaks on 14.6 odysseyra1n
hey guys i have an iphone 6s on 14.3 jb with taurine. is there any way i can change my device so it shows up on find my iphone like it is an iphone 12 pro
hi guys, why i can't jailbreak my ipad air 2 with ipados 14.6 ? please help and sorry for my english cuz i am italian
hi i switched to odsseyra1n from checkra1n (on my iphone 5s 12.5) with odysseyn1x iso. but first tweaks i installed like snowboard and simplels 2 crashes and sends me to safe mode. also eclipse 12 doesnt work.(filza,newterm 2, ultrasound works) these are tweaks i only installed. thanks for any help
i was questioning myself that i left android because i wanted the simplicity of ios ux then why the f am i wanting jb
if 14.5.1 gets a jailbreak released and you have blobs or want to use 90 day delay then i would update yeah
wassup guys, anyone familiar with an untethered jailbreak for ios 14.4.1 that's viable on windows? (linux is fine too, but preferably windows) (iphone 6s)
any other jailbreaks for ios 14.4.2 | iphone 8plus other then checkra1n? ones peferably semi-untethered
wait gen oh no did i miss that, gen was set to 0x111111111 on my checkra1n ipad and i don't think i can change it on my iphone 11 right? (unjailbroken)
does anyone know how to fix anemone 3 on ios 14? it just makes me go on safe mode. i'm using the ipad 5th gen, ios 14.0.1, taurine jailbreak.
i'm still stuck on 14.1, i really can't wait for a new exploit to drop so i can update away from this
i assume i can save onboard blobs though? since i'm on 14.3, not that i really need to as i will only update if a jailbreak is released anyway
i assume i can onboard blobs though? since i'm on 14.3, not that i really need to as i will only update if a jailbreak is released anyway
can i literally just install sileo from repo.getsileo.app in cydia? i'm on unc0ver, ipad pro 1st gen
yes, 14.6 did patch a kernel exploit, but no one knows if its actually going to get released to the public
yep, don't update bc if a jailbreak for 14.5 comes, u can use the delayed ota update profile to get to 14.5 even if it's unsigned
buffer overflow was in 14.6 patch notes, from ian beer who usually releases them, and we can use that to jb
so theoretically all ios versions up to 14.5 can be jb on all phones if we can jb from that exploit?
anyone know is ios 14.4.2 jb is out for the iphone 11? or is there any way  for me to see a list of jb ready devices or sum
i know i should be patient and all, but anyone know why a11 and below can jailbreak but not above? im currently on ios 14.4.2 on iphone 11
hey guys i have a question. is there any way with jailbreak that i can back up permanently deleted photos and videos on my iphone. im just wondering
so i got a mac book and a iphone 8 plus version 14.4.2 here want to jailbreak it anyone want to help me
hi again, is there any other software i should use to jailbreak my ipad 4 ver 10.3.4 that's not a piracy tool? or should i just wait to go to a professional
i mean i have an ipad air 2 but theres no point for me to jailbreak that device anymore, i guess i gotta wait for my se 2 and ipad
with 14.5.1 out, how long does a jailbreak typically take for an older firmware like 14.4.2 to come out? (typically) i understand there is no way to tell
ah okay so my understanding is i wait for u0 on 14.4 and then once 14.5.1 comes i can upgrade to it.
this is to make sure that in the future u can downgrade to 14.5.1 if ur on 14.7 and then there's a jb for 14.5.1
well there's most definitely some security risk even on 14.5.1. just not found or being exploited yet
hi my phone was stuck on the apple logo then when it came on my phone was updated to 14.5  can i get my jb back ?
i just jailbroke umm i restarted my iphone i got cydia but the springboard crashed and i restarted my iphone and now if i press cydia it just quits and checkra1n isnt there anymore anyoneknow what happened
i guess on an unrelated topic, have any of you ever heard of jailbreak resulting in bad voltage regulation? my guess is the problem stemmed from the charger (in-wall dual usb-c receptacle) connected via lightning cable to the devices. i put jailbreak on a gen 1 2016 iphone xr & a like gen 4 ipod shuffle & they both had internal electrical damage. i'm sure it was because i opened up the xr & changed the battery but it's stuck in boot loop
mainly cuz i wanted to jailbreak an ipad mini 2 and normal checkra1n bootra1n and chkra1nx and odesseyra1n dont work
i replied to the wrong one, i want to get rid of uncover and have my phone back to normal i need to update ios because for some reason my phone speaker doesnt have audio when making a call
i've been pinged once. anyways to keep myself on-topic, i just want to mention that i have actually been jailbreaking for 3 years and my first device was an ipad 1. my backup phone (iphone 6) is jailbroken, now, and i don't think i could ever go back.
what if the jb community found a way to go to any ipsw and jailbreak any ios untethered. it is called a dream.
guys how can i unjailbreak a really old ipad that i jail broke using phoenix jailbreak. when i try to open phoenix it won't open
heard webkit rce exploit was released, does that mean a web jailbreak can be developed for 14.3 if tied together with a kern exploit or nah?
got 14.3 on my 11 pro max, can i download uncover without a pc & without autorenew on their original site?
i can here yesterday for help with my iphone 6 and was told to reinstall the alt store using my pc to unjailbreak it, it says installation successful but alt store will still not open on my phone, can i get some help?
isnt every jailbroken iphone already extremely insecure cause you can just do whatever you want, aka the definition of the jailbreak
hi, so i jailbreaked my iphone 4 and now i want to install apps on it, through appstore they dont work, even if i install an older version. what should i do?
i would like to get iphone 12 pro max but it has ios 14.5.1, can i still downgrade it or jailbreak it
is there any options for ios 14.4 besides checkra1n, i've been through hell and back over 8 hours now trying to make it work on my windows pc
i wanna migrate from unc0ver to taurine on 14.3. how can i save my tweaks after migrating? i've tried flame but exporting opens nothing (i already have an account connected to mail) and people are saying batchomatic is bad since the two jailbreaks have different settings or whatever
anyone know if there's prospective news for 14.4 jailbreak on a13 devices? i heard that once 14.5 is released there should be news but i haven't seen anything so far
so i have an iphone 8 plus running ios 14.4.2 and i'm trying to jailbreak it on linux using checkra1n!but the issue i'm experiencing is that checkra1n won't even let me hit start so i downloaded an older version of checkra1n and now i can hit start but even when i follow the instructions in sync i can't get the phone into dfu mode,i have tried multiple cables and different downloads and i know i'm using the right cables and i know this version is the correct one but it still won't load up dfu mode
anyone else have an issue with taurine on a14 where the screen will go black temporarily until you lock the phone and turn it back on? the process restarts until the phone does a full respring
guys i need help, i have an iphone 6 that is jailbroken with the uncover jailbreak and tbh i want to unjailbreak it and when i go to open uncover it won't open
impactor is failing when i try to run phoenix on my ipad mini. the exploit is listed in the main legacy page. any suggestions?
and also another question, is it already possible to jailbreak an iphone xr (with and a12 chip) on ios version 14.4?
and also another question, is it already possible to jailbreak an iphone xr (with and a12 chip) on ios version 14.4?
tbh if an exploit supports many ios versions then a jb using it should support all those ios versions at once
i can second using odysseyn1x it's basically the faster version of what i did to jailbreak my ipad 6th gen with 14.4.2
ofc, i'm no expert, there could probably already be a jailbreak for your ios right now. try asking somebody higher up. (obviously don't do ios updates while waiting)
has any one had an success with jailbreaking an iphone se 2nd generation with checkra1n?? i'm currently on 14.5
wassup yall, im wanting to jailbreak my iphone xr but idk where to start. im on ios 14.4.2, anyone got any tips for me?
i need help. i jailbroke with checkra1n and i restart springeboard phone doesnt restart springboard then my phone reboots and how do i restore rootfs? 14.5.1 btw
you mean wait until taurine somehow gets updated which is when a 14.5 exploit gets publicly released and gets properly implemented
wait, it seems the person i want to sell the 13.5.5 iphone x to also want it jb, im assuming oddyseyra1n is still a valid option since that's not 14.0?
i want to jailbreak ipad pro (12.9 inch, 3rd gen). spreadsheet says taurine, unc0ver only. i',m used to checkra1n only
is there any info on a 14.5 exploit other then this? this hasn't been updated in ages so i'm not sure if it's still true
jo guys, is there any chance i can get a permanent jailbreak? taurine  and unc0ver are for 14.3 if im right... and checkrain only works til restart
i have an iphone 8 that is on ios 14.1 with an icloud activation lock on it. i am trying to jailbreak jt through checkra1n and it is saying it isn't supported at this time. is it possible to downgrade to i assume like ios 14.0.0 without unlocking it
i'm trying to use chimera to jailbreak my iphone 6 on 12.5.2 but it's telling me "filesystem could not be remounted"
you were on the taurine website but you couldnt read that part that says 'supports ios 14.0-14.3.'...
hey is there a way to change iphone gps location without jailbreak or downloading anything on my computer? idk if anyone knows anything but desnt hurt to ask
just a quick question before i jailbreak my ipad mini 4 with ios 14.5.1 on it using checkra1n is there anyway i could get stuck in a boot loop?
hi, i just have a question i want to jailbreak my ipad mini 4 that is on ios 14.5.1 using checkra1n but i am scared if something will go wrong so does anyone know if anything can go wrong?
so my question is, how long do you think just ur guys opinion on how long till a 11 pro ios 14.6 jailbreak
so heres my problem, i have an iphone 11 pro and ive heard people say that you can jailbreak ios 14.6 but i dont know if this is true. i have never done jailbreaking before. do i just wait?
anyone have an idea of when a jailbreak will be released for 14.5.1? i made the stupid mistake of upgrading without saving blobs
is there a tweak a for iphone 11 ios 14.3 unc0ver that shows the percentages in the volume and brightness sliders in control centre?
well, guess i'll be waiting never for unc0ver for 14.5.1, cause at this point i'm done trying to get it to work, either i'm not timing it correcting or something else is going on, cause like i know how to get it into dfu mode before recovery but once it goes into recovery, i can't get it, even when using the quick mode, just doesn't happen
hey! can someone send me a tutorial on how to jailbreak my device? i am currently using an iphone 11 pro max on ios 14.5.1
hey i have an iphone xs and i don't know anything about jailbreak and i am wondering which jailbreak i should use.
do someone know if there are any planned jb releases for a14 in the near future for ios14.4? i m not uptodate with the news, and i dont know if they found exploits or smth like this for 14.4.
anyone know any good jailbreak tweaks to make my ipad mini 1 running ios 9.3.5 run better (i think its ios 9.3.5 its on
okay i did a big fucking oopsie. i tried going into project sandcastle, it said enter my device into dfu mode, so i did, and now my iphone is stuck at the checkra1n boot screen. ik i did a stupid, but is there a quick way to fix this?
hey guys i have an iphone xs with version 13.5 but i want to update to the latest version and jailbreak it how can i do that?
hey ya'll, i'm running unc0ver jailbreak on ios 13.5 iphone 11 pro. i have 14.2 blobs saved. is it possible to futurerestore to 14.2 and then jailbreak again with unc0ver?
ok i havent jailbroken in forever is there and jailbreak for 14.5.1 im still on 14.3 tho it might just be better to update
i lost my jailbreak on iphone 8 ios 12.1 after respring. couldn't either open uncover nor reprovision and can't get unc0ver installed again
can a iphone 8 on 14.5 a11 chip get jailbroken with the checkra1n windows thing? because i turned on the verbose boot and the allow untested versions. still says unsupported. pls help
my phone is on ios 12.0 is there anyway to update it to a version that is higher and is jailbreakable
my phone is on ios 12.0 is there anyway to update it to a version that is higher and is jailbreakable
hey there! i'm just doing some research into jailbreaking my 12.9 ipad with 14.4.1 and i'm beginning the think it's quite tricky to do using checkra1n and a windows pc? anyone have any pointers there?
i have a iphone 11 on ios 14.4.2 if anyone is able to help me jailbreak it would greatly be appreciated
latest uncover is super buggy for me. can i downgrade to 6.1.1 or is there any other jailbreaks i can use? ip11 14.3
hello, i have an iphone xs max 12.2 jailbreaked, and i wont to upgrade to ios 14 and jailbreak, is that possible or not yet?
hi, i wanted to jailbreak my iphone except that when checkra1n put my phone in recovery bah checkra1n no longer finds the iphone to continue while it is still plugged in, thank you!
hi, i have a 16gb ipad air on ios 12.4 . what tweaks should i use to optimize the amount of storage that i'm using? and also which jailbreaking method is best for ios 12? i've been using unc0ver and checkra1n for my newer devices but i didn't know if there was anything better for devices on ios 12. thanks!
my iphone has no life either how can i jailbreak it? back then i used to do it with cydia, that's still around?
hey guys. i'm jailbroken with taurine on 14.3 and just got an apple watch. is there a tweak available that lets you pair the aw with an iphone without updating the iphone os? i found lunotech11's legizmo, but i don't want to do a monthly subscription. i'm okay with one time payment though. cheers!
hello people, im new to the jailbreak scene, is there currently a jailbreak for iphone 12 on 14.5.1?
when i try to use checkra1n for a jb its says it didnt support the ios 15.1 buut in the official release it says it does support 15.1 any ideas
hey guys, i wanted to ask if it is normal that jailbreaking an ipad mini 2 takes so long. i am currently using the usb method where you can use a usb stick (with checkra1n) as a boot device
after 7 days the iphone 5 jailbreak app requires reinstallation through computer so is there a tweak that signs it even in unjailbroken state
you're not gonna be able to use taurine, assuming you don't have blobs, the lowest you can go to is 14.4 which requires ur current version to be jailbreakable
hi hi i want to ask something about jailbreak can i use odysseyra1n in my iphone 7 plus with ios 14.5.1
so my grandma is has alzheimer and can't remember her icloud account. her iphone 8 was rested  and she needs to activate her iphone 8 again. bypass via jailbreak? risks? updated to ios 14.5
checkra1n doesn't work on the iphone xs because the xs uses the a12 chip, while the iphone x uses the a11. chips ranging from the a7 to the a11 have a vulnerability that allows booting ios with unauthorized modifications. it's an unpatchable hardware exploit. however, on the a12 and up, that bug is patched.
checkra1n doesn't work on anything newer than the x, and taurine and unc0ver are only compatible up to ios 14.3
hey guys, i'm looking for a tweak or app that can speed up video ads in games. i'd like to jailbreak my device but it's 14.4.2 and i only have a windows machine. i've looked into non-jailbreak alternative app stores but they seem kinda scammy and i'm not sure they'd let me speed up video ads anyway
is there a jailbreak tutorial or do i just use yt...and also should i update to 14.5.1 on my ipad before i jailbrake
what jailbreak would you reccomend (im on 14.4.2), and also, how would i disable them? i dont care what i have to do i just dont want to get banned.
so i have an iphone xr ios 14.4.2 i been trying to jailbreak so i can use cydia to download ikeymonitor to it to monitor my wife. and i can not find any jailbreak platforms for me to get full cydia on it. any help?
if you're on an iphone 7+ you don't *technically* need to jailbreak but you can jailbreak even 14.6 with checkra1n so...
i am trying to jailbreak an ipad pro 11 on 14.0.1 using unc0ver, it first hung on step 2, and now after it get past that it crashes on step 5, any advice
how do i delete the jailbreak? the checkra1n app is no longer available. restoring is useless. an update to 14.5.1 is not carried out
so guys is there any possibility to get jailbreak on iphone 11 pro 14.4.2? can i go back to 14.3 even with data lose or what?
hey guys i just joined discord . im pretty new to jailbreaking . so i have one question . can i jailbreak in 14.4.2
well as far as i know there's no 14.4 jailbreak even being made yet as nothing has been made available publicaly
just got a new iphone se 2020 and it's on 14.4.1, from what i've seen it can't be jailbroken or downgraded at all right? if that's true any ideas on if or when a jailbreak will come out for it.
hi, i wanted to ask a question. was it a bad idea to update to 14.5? i updated it for the whole apple watch unlock feature but i wouldnt be sure if that couldve been a jailbreak feature if i stayed in older vers.
i already had a jb on ios 13 but i wanted the new features of 14.5, so upgrading to 14.5 and waiting for a jb there was the best option
i know that ,but maybe they will wait to see if some of the vulnerabilities are usable on ios 15 ,and after that we can see new jb version.but as i said-that's my thoughts...
can i downgrade my iphone 12 to ios 14.3 if i updated today? activated it today and carrier told me to update to get 5g working, which was true but now i can't jailbreak
guys is there a jailbreaking tweak or something that allows me to use the iphone's camera as a webcam please ? i use ivcam and it sucks really
there is a vulnerability that can be used to jailbreak on ios 14.4.2 but you need to wait for devs to make a proper way of jailbreaking
i can idiot i downloaded the latest software 14.5.1. have not been able to download coverage, or any jailbreaking software. on my iphone 11
off topic question but are any jailbreaks going to be available within the near future on the iphone 12 pro? i believe its a14?
good evening i have found an iphone 8 plus that i have downgraded from 14.5.1 to 14.5 i would like to have it if it can be jailbreak thank you (i tried checkra1n not working)
so i jb my ipad installed sileo then installed libhooker then i turned off the ipad it automatically turned on and now the checkra1n app isnt here anymore
anyone know how i can jailbreak iphone 8 in ios 14.5  icloud lock?  i have try whit checkra1n  always get error
xs max on 14.3 (ota trick), used altserver to put latest u0 on but it just seems glitchier and sketchier that previous u0 version on 12.4, could a previous u0 version actually work better than latest?
can anyone help me with how to find an iphone 12 pro with jailbreak able ios using serial number please
i know a lot of people have asked but do you know approximately how soon the jailbreak of ios 14.4 will be released?
so i guess i can jb my ipad pro 10.5 2017 (a10x) with checkra1n what should pay attention to if i jb
only certain ios versions can be jailbroken so typically if you update you can not jailbreak anymore
enter pwned dfu, upload a pwnedibss, and a pwnedibec. you then can use irecovery to dump blobs. i had to do it when evasi0n7 refused to jailbreak my iphone 5, but if possible kloader is faster and more practical.
well yeah but when i was waiting for the 14.3 jailbreak i was surprised how many tweaks i didn't need anymore like eclipse
hi do any of you know a jailbreak for ios 14.4.2 with the apple a12 bionic chip? ive been looking for so long
i dont want to update because i want to jailbreak it but i want to have the backup of my older iphone on my new iphone
ipad comes on 6th so imma just hope i can figure a way to jailbreak or bear with it till something comes out
i'm not a jailbreak or ios expert, i just wanted to jailbreak to see if there's any nice ios 6 themes or other things
i have no interest in jailbreaking anymore, i just want my phone to update from ios 12.4, which it is stuck on due to me jailbreaking 1-2 yrs ago
so i should have sep, in fact, my 7 is on 14.5 and i rejailbroke with checkra1n just fine, im just asking about my main 7 plus thats on 13.5.. has anyone here stayed on 13.5 or is everyone moving up with each new jb without issues on a10?
hey guys, spacetime here i will show you how to downgrade from ios 14.5 and 14.6 beta down to ios 14.4.2, 14.4.1, 14.4.0, 14.3.x, 14.2.x, 14.1.x, and 14.0.x without shsh blobs to get your favourite jailbreak today no scam no joke 100%
i search on youtube ios 14.4.2 unc0ver jailbreak and i see "verified pangu8 jailbreak unc0ver just released how to"
i'm on 13.5, and i want to get on 14 and keep my jailbreak. is there any chance someone can help with blobs and everything?it's my understanding that there is a 14.0 jailbreak atm
im able to get an iphone xs max with ios 14.4.2 for free, is it possible for me to downgrade or jailbreak it?
i downloaded odysseyn1x to jailbreak my iphone and i'm in the bit where it's the menu and it shows checkra1n odysseyra1n et
hey in you guys' opinion, if i want to jailbreak my xs in the future should i stay on 14.4 or update?
i was reading the subreddit and the info on there, and found out i can't jb my iphone xs on ios 14.4. so i went to look on downgrading to 14.3 but couldn't figure it out is it possible?
one more question. is there an alternative for checkra1n when it comes to jailbreaking ios devices with an a12 chip?
is there anyway for me to update to 14.4.2 from 13.5 i want to update but not get 14.5.1 just in case of a jailbreak update
hi, sorry for the interruption, i want to know if i can jailbreak my 14.5.1 device without a computer, if you notice any wrong spelling it is from the translator (i am spanish)
so i just jailbroke my 6s on ios 14.3 with the latest checkrain. if i install tweakmanager now and try to create a new profile in there its crashing. any suggestions?
guys a question. i immediately need a jailbreak but my xs with a12 and 14.4 can not be jailbraked and it is unsure when one will be released so i decided to get an used iphone x where i don't know which ios version is installed. if im unlucky it has 14.5.1. is this safe jailbreakable? i will sell it jailbroken after 14.4 get an jailbreak so no long term use..
dumb question, does anyone know if i can jailbreak my iphone 7+ currently with 14.5.1 with checkrain even though i previously jailbroke a long time ago with unc0ver? will that brick my phone? i updated my unc0ver iphone 7+ awhile back and haven't been "fully jailbroken since". nowadays i'm hoping there will eventually be another un0ver update but my hopes are low. is this possible?
i've ip 6s and i would like to use jail but no jailbreak supports my version of ios and i won't use unsigned version of ios, is there any for 14.2.2 ?
wait but can u downgrade ios after jailbreaking so i can like jailbreak it with something like unc0ver
i know this is probably an annoying question but are any ios 14 jailbreaks stable enough for main device?
i think i want to get checkra1n can i use that on my version of ios and an iphone 7 my version is 14.5
i got a question can i jailbreak my iphone 11 pro max with ios 14.4.2? im quite new to jail breaking and version confirming is quite confusing
what jailbreak app can i use to jailbreak ipad 6 generation version 14.4.2(without computer if possible)?
apple can patch kernel exploits through ios updates, which is why you tend to stay on the lowest version possible
guys how come android is rootable no matter what the android version but ios is not jailbreakable in the same way why?
hey all, just a quick question. i have an iphone 7 plus with ios 14.4. as far as i know jailbreak with checkrain works and also on the latest ios 14.5.1 version. is there anything speaking against updating?
hello everyone. i've been out of the jb community for a while. if im not mistaken, the latest ios can be jb, right? if that's true, should i update from 13.5.1 (iphone x). thanks.
what is the reason that jb for like ios 14.4 havent realeased yet considering the update has been out for like 6 months?
in the announcements it says that ios 14.5.1 is supported by uncover, is that only for already jailborken phones or if i update to 14.5.1 i can jailbreak an unjailbroken phone
hey guys, i was jailbroke 14.3.1 with unc0ver, i installed a tweak so short codes would re-enable. where if i get a text to verify, it'll automatically copy to my clipboard. i can't remember what it was called though. what was it? please
hey guys, i was jailbroke 14.3.1 with unc0ver, i installed a tweak so short codes would re-enable. where if i get a text to verify, it'll automatically copy to my clipboard. i can't remember what it was called though. what was it?
hey guys, i was jailbroke 14.3.1 with unc0ver, i installed a tweak so short codes would re-enable. where if i get a text to verify, it'll automatically copy to my clipboard. i can't remember what it was called though. what was it?
irrelevant, but with that said, ios is locked into iphone. apple exploits this and makes their pre installed disputed software (aka license) what they use to control how apple users use their product.
i mean 14.5 patched a lot, so i think that an exploit might be released after 14.4.2 is no longer signed
hey guys im not trying to ask for an eta but does anyone know if there is a jailbreak available for the ipad pro 2020 running 14.4? i dont need to know when one will be but does one exist?
hello can someone please help me i have a tweak to automatically turn off my iphone at 5% so i don t lose my jailbreak and now i went below 5% and its not starting again
good morning besties. is there a way to duplicate apps? i used to use duppy in ios 13 with unc0ver but i can't seem to get it to work in ios 14 with taurine
does anyone have a guide so that when this freethesandbox exploit is released, i can upgrade my iphone 12 to 14.4.2 but remain on 14.3 for the time remaining
if i have a old iphone on ios 13.x can i restore my iphone 11 to that and  then jailbreak on ios 13.x?
does anybody have the link to that chart thats like what devices and ioses can be jailbroken and what jbs can you use
omg!!1!!! you sent ur ios version!!!! how stupid!!! boutta ddos hax 2021 securerom ibss rom dfu checkra1n taurine cydia substrate sileo mach_port_t kernel extension amfidaemon dos disable rat ur device
hey are there any guides on how to use the newest checkra1n build on windows? i need the newest for my ipad 14.5 and bootra1n is outdated
i know that.. but i want to know if i can update to ios 14.5 later if a jb for it gets released.. not now.. so i just want to know if i can save the blobs for it rn..
creating a jb for one single ios version has never really been done before as far as i can think back
hi guys i am using uncover on ios 14.1 sometimes random apps force close but are not listed in crash reporter... do someone have the same and know how to fix?
nice, i think ima keep my 7 on 14.4.2 for now, see how taurine is as a backup jb (once updated for 14.4.2) on it, then update or stay depending on how it is
dont you hate it when you just got into jailbreaking but your phone is slightly too new to use checkra1n and have to wait for taurine or uncover to jailbreak on 14.4 but your too bored to do anything else?
you can also use chimera or unc0ver in iphone 6 if you want a semi-untether (which tbh i personally prefer)
if you don't care about jailbreaking just wipe and set up as new, if you want a better chance of jailbreaking, downgrade to 14.4.2 while you can
that's a limitation of the checkra1n jailbreak on a11 devices - it's only unsafe if your phone gets stolen (but if you're quick enough you can still lock it via find my iphone)
hey guys my buddy is trying to jailbreak on taurine 14.0 and his jailbreak just failed anyone might know why?
ok so im jailbroken with checkra1n on 14.4.2, sileo wouldnt install with odysseyra1n so i got it through cydia with checkra1n, i tried to get a tweak but i need mobilesubstrate, how can i get mobilesubstrate
ok so im jailbroken with checkra1n on 14.4.2, sileo wouldnt install with odysseyra1n so i got it through cydia with checkra1n, i tried to get a tweak but i need mobilesubstrate, how can i get mobilesubstrate
ok so, im on 14.4.2 jailbroken with checkra1n, i downloaded cydia to get sileo, but i dont have mobilesubstrate, how can i get mobilesubstrate?
since that i updated to 14.3, my phone sometimes get freeze, or it stays in a loop, what can i do? or just wait for an update? (taurine)
question if i am on 14.1 and want to update to 14.5 currently jailbroken is it possible to do the uncover root restore and upgrade?
question if i am on 14.1 and want to update to 14.5 currently jailbroken is it possible to do the uncover root restore and upgrade?
is it possible to save ios 14.4.2 blobs from ios 14.5? i dont wanna have to downgrade again, but i also want those blobs for when an ios 14.4.2 jailbreak comes out. so i can downgrade if i wanna to take advantage of it.
someone answer the question i said "i need help with jailbreaking my iphone 4. i have it but i need to re-enable it via itunes on my pc. when i go to my pc to re-enable it, it says i need to give it access on the phone to the pc so i can not re-enable it. any advice?"
i need help with jailbreaking my iphone 4. i have it but i need to re-enable it via itunes on my pc. when i go to my pc to re-enable it, it says i need to give it access on the phone to the pc so i can not re-enable it. any advice?
wait, i meant if the exploit was released a bit later apple wouldnt have patched it for later devices after iphone x, for a good amount of device
hey yall - i've got a wifi ipad 4th generation running 10.3.3, and according to the jailbreak chart h3lix is my only option. however...is there any way to install h3lix on windows? altstore requires 12+ and cydia impactor doesn't seem to work anymore
my iphone automatically restarts for no reason, but its jailbreak with uncover and i want to know if i jailbreak with taurine, does my iphone stop restarting automatically for no reason?
hey, im on ios 14.3, im currently using unc0ver but it triggers me that i have to revoke it with alt store every 7 days, is there a different loader that i dont have to do this with?
so if my friend has an iphone x currently jailbroken on 13.7 with tuarine. can he restore rootfs and update to 14.5(currently signed) to jailbreak with checkra1n? with faceid and stuff working?
so after saving blobs for 14.4, i can update to 14.5 and then i can downgrade if the jb is for 14.4?
jailbreaking is great tho. im so glad this is a thing. i cannot go back to ios or android after this. it's literally probably more customization than android + the benefits of ios
i'm currently on ios 14.4 and i'm trying to revert to 14.3 to jailbreak my se. however i read on one article that if you're on ios 14.4 it's not likely you'll be able to jailbreak. i'm wondering if anyone has had any luck with this
anyone know how to downgrade from 14.4.2 to 14.3. i have an iphone 11 pro and want to downgrade to jailbreak
hi, where i can found the applist repo and the rocketbootstrap? i update to ios 14.5 and did the jailbreak
i just got an a14 phone with ios 14.4.1 out of the box. if i want to eventually jailbreak, am i better off staying on 14.4.1, should i just update to 14.5, or is it tough to say? (i know 14.4.1 has some vulnerabilities, so i would prefer to update if it probably won't make a difference)
hello gentlemen, with the announcement made a few moment ago, im i able to jailbreak my ios 14.4.2 iphone xr or not yet ?
is it likely it will be possible to use sep on a11 on ios 14+ with checkra1n at some point in the future?
u can update to 14.5 if u arent looking for a semi-untethered jailbreak. u can boot up linux on ur windows computer (there are many tutorials) and checkra1n ur device
hey guys just so u know checkra1n only supports a11 and lower which means that if u got the latest iphone or ipad then u cannot jailbreak with checkra1n
someone please help me.. i really wanted to jailbreak. so iphone xr running on ios 14.4 can actually be jailbreak ?
hey iam noot much into this univeres but do your guys know if i can jailbreak my iphone its on a ios 14.4.2
hey i am new to jailbreaking but i am just wondering. how long does it take for a jailbreak to come out? i am on ios 14.4 right now with an iphone 11 pro.
iphone stuck on 'resetting iphone' screen after succession seemed to fail on 14.3 u0. i can either restore backup. via itunes or try hard reset. anyone have a good idea?
hi guys what iphones support jailbreak upto max as in xs xr xs max etc can they be jailbreak or just upto x model only?
bitches be like how to jb iphone without computer dumbass you're iphones a fucking computer you still need a computer to do an untether lmaooooo
so i might be a bit late here, but is there any current way to jailbreak 14.5? i heard they "patched" checkra1n
maybe a tweak is conflicting? you could check it out, i can send you a video of it working and im on an xs max 14.3 with taurine
can i safely delete my ios and restart my jailbreak, without apple forcing me to update to a new version ?
anyone knows how to jailbreak ipad march 2018 ios 14.4.2 ._. i tried for like a 7hrs not working any i have unc0ver but unsupported
last time i jailbreak was iphone 6s at ios 11 something. do i jailbreak my iphone 12 at 14.2.1 or can i upgrade to 14.3
does anybody know why the checkra1n app on my mac might be crashing? i have an iphone 7 plus, ios 14.4.2. after successfully putting the device into recovery mode and completing the volume button + power button step successfully, the app just crashes (when it would be jailbreaking my phone, i guess)
hello gentlemen, if a jailbreak for ios 14.4.2 on a12 is released, will we receive an everyone from this server ?
so with all variables combined theres a decently high chance of us seeing a 14.4-14.4.2 exploit released within the next week or so
ah i meant since i want to jailbreak the new phone i want to stay on 14.3. is there anything i can easily transfer to it from my 12.4.8 phone?
i have a bit more optimism in a 14.4 - 14.4.2 exploit being released soon with pattern\_f_'s findings
im jailbroken on iphone 6s+ with uncover and i have a bug that bothers me alot... whenever i try to send a photo via whatsapp or instagram or whatever app that app crashes anyone got  a fix for that?
not really a point in downgrading rn though if you're on xr tbh, since you can't jb on 14.4.2 either
i have to replace my iphone with att today. any chance i could get one with a jailbreakable ios version? more importantly could someone link me to a serial guide if it is possible.
hi folks! i just had re-jailbreak my 6s today and for some reason checkra1n crashes just after dfu mode is entered and itunes opens up. it worked flawlessly before. only "change" i can think of is that today i connected a phone with ios14.5 and there was some kind of driver update installed. (mojave)
good evening guys tell me how can i jailbreak from phone no pc iphone 8 plus ios 14.1 i would be able to
hi guys i have an iphone xs here on 14.2. i jailbroke it a while ago with uncover and disabled ota. now i want to update the phone again but ota is broken. i tried to restore rootfs and refresh icon cache but nothing seems to work, what should i try?
hi guys, i've got a quick question. i've got an iphone 6s (a9) that has been jailbroken on ios 11.2. i was thinking of upgrading it to 14.4.2 but now that 14.5 is out, can i still upgrade it to 14.4.2. the plan is to upgrade to 14.4.2 and jailbreak with checkra1n. does this sound plausible?
would anyone recommend just saving a blob for 14.5 then updating for the features and downgrading later on for the eventual jailbreak?
you can use taurine on 14.2, just note until they understand what issues 14.2 has no bug reports are being taken on 14.2
i mean ive been using uncover since ios 12 without any issues so far. iphone 6s, se 1st gen 7, 8, and now se 2nd gen
is there a jailbreak for iphone 8 software version 14.0, i dont know how to jailbreak kinda new to it
restore rootfs wasn't a thing then cause jb's were beyond stable, there hasn't been an untethered jb since ios 9 anyway, don't expect one ever pretty much anymore.
quick question: iphone 12 pro max can i downgrade to 14.3 still and is there a jailbreak that doesn't break faceid?
so i was seeing the chart and since only checkra1n is available on 14.4.1 i searched how to install it on windows and having to do those reboots sounds shady anyone have a viable tutoria?
guys i need some help. i have an iphone 7and wanted to jailbreak. the problem is that im on ios 14.4.1 how do i do it? (i dont have a mac)
since 14.5 released its gonna start being possible to jailbreak soon on 14.4-14.4.2 on a12+ devices?
is there going to be a new jailbreak or nah? also when ios 15 comes out should i update? using the iphone 11 bye
i have no jailbroken my iphone with uncover. is there a way to update to the newest version of ios? dont care about jailbreak
why does jailbreak on 14.3 struggle to make app icons all the time. like altstore won't show up half the time
hey, i tried to jailbreak my iphone 6+ on ios 12.4.8 thru the alt store method and its stuck on the black screen with the apple logo on it, tried to shut it down and turn it back on and it still gives me the black screen with the apple logon even tried to let it run out of battery and after re-charging it it still shows me the black screen with the apple logo, can anyone help?
hey guys i have an iphone 6s and its on ios 13.5.1 and i need a jailbreak without a computer. is that possible?
i've been on 14.3 for ages. don't think i have blobs. should i try to get blobs (if possible) before jb'ing?
can i jailbreak my iphone se 2nd gen? i want to wait for my warranty to go up in a couple months but just to make sure.
hey guys i have a iphone 6s that is at ios 13.5.1 and 1 dont know how to cancel the software update to ios 14.4.2 and secondly would like to jailbreak it
hi , i upgrade my ipad to ios14.3 using the profile .. but somehow now its not backing up or jb using unc0ver.. the baackup and jb both hang .. wanted to take  backup before i reset
hi. im new to jailbreaking and i wanted to jailbreak my iphone 8 plus. can someone tell me how to do so?
iphone 7 ios 14.3 with taurine, seymourservices(fitcored) keeps crashing anyone know what can be causing it, i disabled tweak injection into this daemon and still keeps crashing. thanks
~~apple should announce the ipod touch 8 as a joke and to kill off the last new device you can buy that can do checkra1n~~
trying to use use supervisor method to install 14.3... software update just shows "checking for update"  --- iphone x uncover.... disable auto updates is off
trying to use use supervisor method to install 14.3... software update just shows "checking for update"  --- iphone x uncover.... disable auto updates is off
trying to use use supervisor method to install 14.3... software update just shows "checking for update"  --- iphone x uncover.... disable auto updates is off
how do i restore a ipad that was jailbroken with checkra1n to where it was before since i am about to sell it.
how do i restore a ipad that was jailbroken with checkra1n to where it was before since i am about to sell it
anyway what's a good tweak to keep apps in the background? i mostly want this for twitter and amazon prime video as they pause their video as soon as youre in the app switcher or exit the app. i used to use background actions cc but idk if it's ios 14 compatible and dont want to screw up my jb
i *could* update to 14.4.1 or .2 on my ipad and use checkra1n, or use checkra1n on my iphone 8 to beta test
guys i just recently switched to ios again and have been out of the loop with jailbreaking, where can i see which versions can be jailbroken?
hi ive jailbroken on ios14.3 using taurine but it's not installed any package manager like sileo or cydia
i bought an iphone 12 pro a couple days ago, but it came loaded with 14.4. been out of the jailbreaking scene since iphone 5. i guess i'm right in assuming there's no way to downgrade? side question; is there any reason to stay on 14.4 rather than 14.4.2?
how can i install jailbreak to my iphone 6s without a laptop ore computer? and the jailbreak most free not with money
general question -- how does one restore rootfs? on checkra1n atm for ios 13.7, looking to use the new method to update to ios 14.3+
the share button on any app i use freezes the app. anybody else having this problem? iphone xr 14.3 unc0ver 6.1.2
so im having problems with the checkra1n loader could i possibly be able to downgrage to 14.3 without the use of cydia
its been a fat minute since ive checked any jailbreak news, is there any updates on a 14.4 jailbreak for non checkm8 devices?
i was jb on u0 on 13.5.  i just used the method to update to 14.3 successfully however was having issues jailbreaking again.  so i attempted to restore from a backup in itunes and got stuck in a bootloop.  i've put the device in recovery mode and then forced exit out of that state but the issue remains.  now in itunes it gives the option to update or restore but when i click restore the next dialog says "restore and update".  am i stuffed and going to lose 14.3? how should i proceed from here?
not trything to rush anyone's reply but am i right in thinking people saw my question but there is no solution and i need to just update to the latest ios and lose my jb?
i was jb on u0 on 13.5.  i just used the method to update to 14.3 successfully however was having issues jailbreaking again.  so i attempted to restore from a backup in itunes and got stuck in a bootloop.  i've put the device in recovery mode and then forced exit out of that state but the issue remains.  now in itunes it gives the option to update or restore but when i click restore the next dialog says "restore and update".  am i stuffed and going to lose 14.3? how should i proceed from here?
i have a painful question i'm sorry.  i was jb on u0 on 13.5.  i just used the method to update to 14.3 successfully however was having issues jailbreaking again.  so i attempted to restore from a backup in itunes and got stuck in a bootloop.  i've put the device in recovery mode and then forced exit out of that state but the issue remains.  now in itunes it gives the option to update or restore but when i click restore the next dialog says "restore and update".  am i stuffed and going to lose 14.3? how should i proceed from here?
is there anyway to spoof ios version for the upcoming airtags , the minimum requirement is 14.5. i dont want to lose my jailbreak on my iphone 12
completely reasonable idea that if apple patches key exploits yet unreleased to the public in 14.5 full release then said exploits will be useable for 14.4-14.4.2 jailbreaking
im upgrading from iphone 8 to 12 pro, how should i go about moving my data over to the new phone? do i need to reboot to get rid of jailbreak, and then transfer over? or does it matter? should i jailbreak the new phone 1st and then move data over, or move data then jailbreak after?
hi guys, newbie here! i have been waiting for a jailbreak on ios 14.4.2 for a while now. is it true that now that ios 14.5 is coming soon we can expect a jailbreak for 14.4.2?
guys, if i use unc0ver on ios 14.3, is it possible to switch to taurine without installing all my tweaks again?
anyone considering giving up their jailbreak for 14.5? that app tracking feature is a massive privacy boost
if you're on an iphone 7 it doesn't matter much, you can pretty much always jailbreak on the latest version (except ios 14.5 rn but it probably won't take long now)
hi all, not really a jailbreak question but more of advice. i have a company ios device can syncing to itunes etc be blocked via a profile?
i don;t think oddesyra1n is on linux. i just installed checkra1n's regular deb from checkra.in and it worked without a hitch. any way i can install java 8 or later on jailbroken ios
hi, i have an iphone se (gen 1) at ios 13.6 factory reset (doesn't have icloud account), the problem is it has the sim card reader damaged, so i can't configure the initial setup, my question is, can i jailbreak in that state to skip that initial setup?
i understood but i was asking what is the use of doing that and updating to 14.3 when i could jailbreak with 14.5 also ?
thank you, so like i got all excited and then i did all the unc0ver stuff downloaded stuff to my computer all for the uncover app to say unsupported. so then i  saw the reddit saying i need to jailbreak my current ios version and idk how to do that
hello all i was hoping if someone could help me get out of the iphone restore screen. this happened while i was updating to ios 14.3 using the method provided without using blobs and i am unsure of what to do because i do not want to update to the newest version of ios because i will lose my jailbreak. if someone could please help i would be grateful because i am unsure of what to do now.
oh, i saved sh blobs for 14.3, so if i jailbreak with like 14.5 or something, can i downgrade to ios 14.3?
hey jailbreakers, any chance one of you can help me out? i downloaded forcebar on my ipad 2017 14.3 on taurine. it doesn't seem to work. i've tried forcing and hiding the status bar in specific apps or all apps. doesn't seem to be working for me. can anyone help me out?
could i downgrade to 14.3 using checkra1n on a11 running 14.4 and then switch to something like taurine
hey im on 14.4 right now could it be a problem with jailbreaking later when i update now on 14.4.2 ?
does anyone know of video lock screen tweak with audio for ios 14.3 ipad 4th gen jailbroken with taurine. frame did not work for me and enero does did not work earlier. does anyone have any other tweaks i can try?
hello, i am new, sorry for asking this, is there currently a working jb for a xs device running 14.4?
would you guys donate $1 or more, to support the purchase of an ios exploit that could be turned into a 0-day?
hi, since a week apps are not opening correctly with uncover ( iphone 11 pro 14.3 ). didn't install any tweaks recently
any way i can have notifications on for a jailbreak available to 14.4.x on iphone 7 or iphone 6s+ without pc?
why can't i restore rootfs on unc0ver? im on ios 14.3 of iphone x and when i try to restore rootfs, it says that "an error occurred while exploiting kernel. please reboot and try again."
hi i am trying to jailbreak an iphone x (14.5) with checkra1n but it says "could not trigger recovery mode"
someone was able to get this to work - but i've also followed this guide; and i'm just not sure.  has anyone gotten around microsoft intune comp portal jailbreak on ios 14.0
i know my iphone 11 pro has bluetooth 5.0 but you can't use multiple bluetooth audio devices except apples own stuff. this could theoretically be added witha jailbreak tweak right, do you know if there is one? really missed it from my s9
hey so i can't get my device to jailbreak ios 14.4.2 iphone x i have used all checkra1n versions from 0.12.2 to 0.12.0 and below i think and cli mode and i either get parsing error or stuck in checking if device is ready or in cli i get checkmate and the device won't boot it gets stuck in dfu mode
ios 14.1 on unc0ver, how do i restore the system the pre jailbreak? removing the jailbreak essentially
are there any modifications i can make to an iphone 12, on 14.5 beta? doesn't have to just be jailbreak.
also anyone know how to modify ios 14.4.2 ipsw for auto dfu that can be started up again with checkra1n?
i need help with my ipad i had it jailbroken but then my pokemon go wouldn't work (didn't know about the bypass until yesterday when i got it working on my phone) so i just updated my ipad while it was jb to 14.4.2. is there anything i can do to go back or to jb it again or do i have to wait?
how is what versions are currently jailbreakable relevant at all? people could be stuck on 14.4+, and it says "**if** you are stuck on an unjailbreakable version"
i have a iphone x which is locked and i would need to restore it. then it would have the latest ios version and could i then jb it again?
i mean it's a9 so you can jb with checkra1n on 14.4.2 and still have sep, but you may consider doing the 14.3 ota update and saving onboard blobs at least
best thing you could try is: go to 14.4.2, skip bpr, install the profile, spoof your version then use ota method to get to 14.3 and taurine jb
anyone have any cool tweaks compatible with ios 14.4? new to jailbreaking, just used checkra1n on my 6s, and want to get into it more
i think imma put my ipad back on odysseyra1n anyway , now that my main is back to my iphone and on taurine
has anyone an idea how long i have to wait for the new version of taurine so i can jailbreak on 14.4.2?
whenever i open settings and go to wallpaper phone crashes, on iphone 11, 14.3 and taurine. any tips?
yeah, i wanted to go to 14.3 since i know there was a stable jailbreak for that one, and there was that temporary exploit posted this month.
guys who can help pzh how to download unc0ver well, more precisely, jailbreak on ios 14.3 without a pc
anyone able to help, im unable to jailbreak my phone after updating to 14.3. used taurine 1.0.4 straight after the update and it worked fine until it got stuck in a respring loop, and now it just wont jailbreak, have tried previous versions as well
what jailbreaks can i use exept for chimera on ios 12.5.2 because it keeps crashing my phone, or not like crashing, but ya any else jailbreak that i can use?
i don't mean to interrupt but can someone explain to me the different jailbreaks? last time i jailbroke a phone it was an iphone 3gs
hello guys, i dont know how to jailbreak my ios 14.4.2, and i am very not good in this thing, can someone help me maybe?
i installed chimera on my iphone 6 ios 12.4.9 and it is giving me an exploit failure, any idea on how to fix it ??
i installed chimera on my iphone 6 ios 12.4.9 and it is giving me an exploit failure, any idea on how to fix it ?
i'm on 14.0 unc0ver. what's the best way i can upgrade to 14.3 and taurine? i want to keep my tweaks (okay with reinstalling if data stays)
the next step is (optional) once you're on 14.3 you can erase all contents and settings and then jailbreak! so i know what optional means but do i have to erase all contents to jailbreak?
buddies iphone 12 pro max is on 14.3. all i do is sideload taurine ipa and jailbreak right? i don't have to do anything else?
is there currently a way to jailbreak ios 14.4.2 without using a computer and if there is could someone let me know how to do it
should i stick to ios 14.4 or can i just upgrade to 14.4.2 cause it's likely any jb for 14.4 will come out for 14.4.2?
what channel would i go to if i want help on how to get my iphone 7 down to ios 14.3 to jailbreak it?
i tried to jailbreak with odysseyra1n for my ios 14.4.2 phone, but balenaetcher is not working correctly, any clues?
which ios version is the best for a iphone 7+? im currently on 13.5 using unc0ver and bootlooping so i want to change back to chekra1n and maybe update to ios14 if its stable
hey sorry for the instrusion my guys and gals, my phone which is a iphone 12 pro that currently has ios 14.4.2 installed, i'm just wondering in the case that there is any news or anything about a jailbreak being worked on for this device on ios 14.4.2 that is in the works on or is available or in a working beta, again sorry for not doing my own research, i'm just super exicted to jailbreak again and there is a lot of fake jailbreak news on the internet which is difficult to filter out and determine what is real and whats fake, i want to jailbreak again because this time around i really wanna try a "minimalistic" jailbreak setup with nothing super ui altering, aka, no blue status bar with weather and a metal app theme, as much as i like stock ios too, hehe..
anyone have a issues with taurine ios 14.3 that when i use any app to listen music when i lock the device go to safe mode
users after updating to the latest ios in 0.000001 seconds after it releases and then asking if theres a jailbreak out for it yet
hey i want to jailbreak but i need ios 14.3 , is there any way that someone could help me figure out how to go from 14.4.2 to 14.3 please? thanks!
yo, any help? just restarted after jb with taurine, sileo crashes every time and my tweaks are gone from settings, ios 14.3 iphone12 pro max
is there a suggested 14.3 jail break tweaks? i used 13.5 uncover for a while but havent looked at tweaks since like 5 months ago
about to jailbreak my iphone 12 pro max 14.3 but is there anything i should do backup wise before i do ?
man im so pissed so theres literally 0 way i can change ios ver to 14.3 without being already jailbreaked
jesus christ i've been trying to jailbreak an ipad 4, ios 10.3.3 but i can't find a decent tutorial anywhere
well maby because we jailbreak ios and we figure out all the spooky shit. we can investigate apples claims a lot. but yes closed source dosent help but our jailbreaks allows us to take care of a ton of the spooky shit.
i was on 14.2 wen jb was released for 14.1 or whatever but i updated to 14.3 and was like fuck my self
did you know you cannot jailbreak an a12+ device on ios 14.4 or higher? it is very unfortunate that you can't but it is the truth. currently you can jailbreak on any version 14.3 and lower on a12+ devices. if you were patient and didn't update right now you could be jailbroken and be very happy. unfortunately at this moment you will just have to wait longer until modernpwner releases their 14.4-14.5 exploit. then either coolstar or pwn20wnd will have to update taurine or unc0ver to support the version you are currently on. at this time i recommended installing the block ota profile from !t blockota and waiting until a jailbreak is possible on your currently installed version.
ios mfs staying up for 27 days straight to make another ios 9 jailbreak for the iphone 6s so they can boast that it has 1 extra piss drop per megafart
do somone know what can i do when any photos are saving to my ipad galery? i have ios 14.3 unc0ver 6.1.2
anyone ever had an issue where calling out on ft or anything just completely stopped? using checkra1n on iphone 8 with ios 14.4. 2
lmao i dont go to youtube for jailbreak trash but i tried to see when the 14.4 will come or if there are any plans of it coming soon
i went from 13.5 uncover to 14.3 taurine on my 2018 ipad pro and my battery life seems noticably worse. anyone else with the same experience? does 14.3 just suck or is taurine the culprit. using the same tweaks as before
predictive input constantly disappears, you have to delete the language in the keyboard and add it again, after half a day the problem repeats, can you somehow solve it? ios 14.3 uncover
so i currently have zebra, cydia, reprovision, and powerapp downloaded, can someone help me re jailbreak ios 13.3.1 iphone 11
its been a long time since i have jailbroken an ios product, i have some concerns about the security (bank app, private pics etc.) of the phone if i were to go ahead and go down that path again. really the only reason i am wanting to do it is so i can get carbridge. all the searching i have been doing have come up with the typical "jailbreaking compromises all your data"
hi all, trying the software update exploit to get 14.3 and my software update screen doesn't show anything besides my ios and the fact that it's managed. any ideas?
hi jailbreak community. i successfully updated to 14.3 using the ota method. but i forgot to take backup of my tweak list on 13.5. is it possible at all to find the list of previously installed tweaks ?
guys i succesfully updated to 14.3 and jailbroke using taurine, how to erase device so i can start freshly from 14.3
iphone x on 13.6 jb'd using checkra1n. i want to update to ios 14 - should i stick with checkra1n or go to taurine?
ik that apple isn't supporting it anymore or whatever but is there anyway to downgrade to 14.3 without itunes? figured i'd join this discord since it'd be the best place to get a real answer without some fake vid or tutorial that doesn't work (i'm trying to jailbreak but i updated to 14.4.2 when i got my iphone 11)
so i have iphone x at ios 14.4.2 and i used checkra1n cli and it says checkmate! and my device won't get out of dfu mode and i need to do it myself any help?
so i am interested in jailbreaking but i decided it was a wonderful idea to upgrade to the 14.5 beta instead of staying back. are there any jailbreaks that work on 14.5?
so i am interested in jailbreaking but i decided it was a wonderful idea to upgrade to the 14.5 beta instead of staying back. are there any jailbreaks that work on 14.5?
wondering if someone can help me. i'm waaaaay out of the loop. i'm jb'd on 13.3 with checkra1n on my iphonex. i read about the method to upgrade to 14.3 without blobs. i'm backing up my iphone now. how do i restore rootfs with checkra1n? sorry for the dumb questions. i just need to hop on this opportunity before it expires.
can someone help me jailbreak my ipad again? i lost my jailbreak today (couldn't open taurine or any other installed apps like that) but 1.0.3 is unsigned? im not sure where to go from here
hi guys i been kinda waiting for very long and coolstar jailbreak bad because cs is bad and pwn is good bcs he release jb first and u0 reboots for me every night which is very helpful since mom checks my phone daily to see if i'm not jailbroken. anyway eta web untethered ios 14.5 beta 9 rc 2 alpha 1 webkit hax uncover also can u give me my udid and i cloud b word pls or i dm pwn20wnd on twitter to do for me1! i love u pwn20wnd and fuxk u coolstar
i remember when a12 was pretty useless in the jailbreak scene, i wonder how long it will take for the a15 to adapt
i just updated to 14.4.2 and just finished checkra1n jb. should i run odysseyra1n now before opening anything?
hey all. can anyone let me know a tweak that will allow me to export my cydia repos and import to sileo? flame isn't working for me for one reason or another ("error loading preference bundle"). ipad pro 12.9 14.3 unc0ver 6.1.1
because they use very powerful exploits  that most likely will never work on modern ios versions anymore
hi guys is it possible to jailbreak checkra1n using windows ? i saw a video on yt where a guy put the checkra1n jailbreak iso file on a usb and booted the pc from the usb and was able to jailbreak the iphone,but im not sure if the video is legit
i been trying get kernbypass working on ios 14.0.1 ipad pro 10.5 with uncover but no luck it dosent stay enable any idea why?
i been trying get kernbypass working on ios 14.0.1 ipad pro 10.5 with uncover but no luck it dosent stay enable any idea why?
unc0ver messed up my iphone 6 in some way too. i think the safe thing to say is just avoid it if possible
btw, yesterday i can install some ipa on github, like comics reader and so on. but now, i tried to install 3 different ipa (watusi dupe, cercube, insta++) via filza but it doesn't work, it always says "error. application is missing the application-identifier entitlement."i already have appsync latest, and i'm on iphone x, 14.3 with taurine. can anyone help me? thanks before! btw this is my first jailbreak
hey guys ive just done the 14.3 update. im trying to jailbreak using unc0ver but the app doesnt open. i dont know why its doing this cuz the app is signed. any ideas?
well i have this iphone 6, i can't upgrade cause or reasons but want to get ios 14 features, should i jailbreak it or not?
on taurine 14.3, any idea how to lower notifications? using axon and jellyfish sorry to repost the question
hey, i'm on chimera (12.1.2) and installed the mybloxx tweak and the 14.3 profile, but i keep getting "unable to check for update" in settings. i see the bot saying how to do this for unc0ver, but does anyone know how to go about this with chimera?
can i downgrade from 14.4.2 on  iphonese2nd gen to get a jailbreak ?? or is their a way to get around a jailbreak
anyone running into an issue where the power button stops working randomly and you gotta respring to get it to work? 14.3 taurine a12
is there a tweak that i can use to reboot my phone without losing the jailbreak with odyssey ios 13.5.1 on xr?
hey guys, need some advice. i recently updated to 14.3 taurine, and now all of a sudden, like an hour ago, my cellular stopped working, had been working fine without any issue sup till now. all it shows is 3g and full tower, nothing loads at all.
hey guys, need some advice. i recently updated to 14.3 taurine, and now all of a sudden, like an hour ago, my cellular stopped working, had been working fine without any issue sup till now. all it shows is 3g and full tower, nothing loads at all.
what could apple have changed that much in a small update for a piece of hardware that made checkra1n not work as well on ios 14
i used icleaner pro to stop all tweaks and after that my phone reset, whenever i try to jailbreak with tweaks working now it just never starts after the reboot, has anyone had this issue, ios 14.3 iphone xs max?
are there any jb method that doesnt need computer to do it right now?cuz i dont have any old iphone cable to connect my phone
anyone else having issues with app opening speed after jailbreaking 14.3? for example telegram needs atleast 10 seconds to open
hey can someone help me out - i need help with the method of updating to ios 14.3 without blobs - i'm on iphone xs max 13.3 ( unc0ver jb)
i know there are no jb available for my iphone se 2nd gen on 14.4.2, but have any developers said they're working on support here?
yes. you don't want residual files from your current jb to conflict with the update's filesystem. it could lead to errors and if they do you'll have to update to latest ios.
i tried to restore rootfs so i can switch to odyssey instead of unc0ver (ios 13.5) it didnt get rid of the icons of apps i have gotten from cydia. why is this
i just got a brand new iphone x from apple thats on 12.4.1. if i want it to update to 14.3, could i just jailbreak it with checkra1n and then do the steps to get it to 14.3?
im on ios 13.5 and tried to do the method to update to ios 14.3 (jailbroken with checkra1n) however when i installed the profile and checked for an ota update i got unable to search for update (before anyone asks i havent done the futurerestore thing that was in announcements)
hi im on ios 12.2 running unc0ver and trying to do the upgrade to 14.3 without shsh 2 blobs and i have done everything correctly but when i go to install is tells be there was an error installing could i have done something wrong or the apple server just backed up
i'm trying to use checkra1n on 14.4.2, but when i check allow untested versions, it still shows the start button in blue
after update to ios 14.3 and used taurine i've a problem switching keyboard to letters to simbols, when i click the button "123" they don't switch until i close the chat, any suggest?
having some issues, still on 13.5, not even sure if i'm jailbroken.  any help will be thoroughly appreciated as im trying to eventually get to 14.3 and taurine jailbreak
aight now that thats answered. i jailbroken my ipad 6 gen at 14.4.2 with odysseyra1n  now i wanna jailbreak an iphone xr is there anyway of doing it?
i mean which fucking developer release the fucking exploit for a fucking 14.4 jailbreak so i can fucking jailbreak
could you go back down with checkra1n on an iphone x? i think you could just temporarily disable sep, install the necessary tweaks and go?
hey i have a question, after updating to 14.3 and jailbreaking with unc0ver, i can not see any tweaks settings under settings where i found them before? i can run filza and such but not see mybloxx settings under the settings app?
after updating to 14.3, whats the best jailbreak for an iphone x so that i can still use face id? uncover?
so i am on iphone8plus running 13.5 what do i do? and i'm pretty sure that i have otadisabled but i don't remember how i disabled it cuz i'm sure i didn't disable it from uncover
any reason why the checkra1n devs can't get an ios 14 jb going for a9 and up yet  u0 and taurine can?
hey if anyone asks about err remount after updating to 14.3, what worked for me was jailbreaking with u0, rootfsing and then going back to taurine
if i jailbreak my 14.3 xr, i can't access my cibc banking app. can i bypass this & check my funds via apple watch? or does cibc require an unjailbroken phone to show funds on the apple watch?
hey guys i'm new to the whole jailbreaking thing is it possible for someone to enlighten me on how to jailbreak either a 12.4.1 ipad air 3rd gen or a 12 pro max 14.4 would really appreciate it
hey i jailbroke my phone with unc0ver a while ago but reset my phone and need to reinstall so i can do that ios 14 method. is there a way to install unc0ver with no computer??
has there been a real ios 14 jailbreak for the iphone x yet? fell out of the scene for a few months. still have my x on like 13.7 or something.
currently on 14.3 rc unc0ver. can i update to 14.3 from 14.3 rc without restoring fs? could i just ota update and jailbreak again without problem?
y'all. if you're desperate to try to get a14 to work, you can unjailbreak and try the erase-and-prepare method using apple configurator or imazing, but no guarantees.
hi there i have a iphone xr on contract to tesco mobile. it is on ios 14.4 with a software update to spare. is there anyway i can jailbreak while on contract?
i reinstalled u0 so i could disable blocking updates, and 14.3 shows up, but now i keep getting errors with trying to restore rootfs and every app other than u0 is crashing when i try to open them
no; stay right there on 14.4. the odds are *really* low, but there **might** be an exploit released for 14.4 in the future.
alright, so... if i'm already on 14.4 anyway, should i hold out hope for a jailbreak or just move up to 14.4.2 for the security fixes?
ok, at first no update was showing up, then it said `your iphone is at the latest software update allowed by your administrator.` then im back at no update showing up after enabling auto update in unc0ver
hey guys do i absolutely need to erase everything after i ota update to 14.3 then jailbreak? i cannot just jailbreak stright away?
hi guys i'm on ios 13 and uncover jb, i tried the method posted on announcements earlier and how can i check if i blocked ota update? if i click in settings to update it block
anyone think apple is doing a good job by keeping the latest version of ios free from jailbreaks? ie people on stock get to keep their jailbreak free for their security, and jailbreakers get a version or two behind
how do jailbreak devs make sure that their stuff works on every version of every device? do they just have to own for example an ipod touch 7 on every version??
so i can just install the profile with it, update to 14.3 as normal, then jailbreak again with no data lost?
"8. once you're on 14.3 you can erase all contents and settings and then jailbreak!" ewww i have to factory reset my iphone?
is there a way to install the rocketbootstrap tweak without the libhooker because a lot of tweaks require rocketbootstrap for their operation knowing that i am under uncover io 14.3
well i did checkrain but i needed to reboot until ios kicked me to the home menu automatically but when it finally did i forgot i wasn jbkn anymore so i ran the command in a non jbkn state
if i restored my iphone to fix jailbreak issues how likely is it that the issues will persist after restoring the backup?
do you know when a jb for a12 devices will come out for ios 14.4 or can i down grade my phone some how
i thought you just had to save the blobs then you could use old blobs to use that firmware again. but if a new jailbreak comes out how likely is it that itll support ios 14.4 but not ios 14.4.2
anyway if there are vulnerabilities is webkit in ios 14.4 are they weak enough to use for a jailbreak?
if you're already on 14.4 then you're not losing anything by updating to 14.4.2, it only patches some webkit exploits
hi, i have an iphone x and faceid is not working. will jailbreaking it solve anything? or at least let me use some other form of face recognition?
hey sorry for asking again but never got a answer the last time, i have a iphone 12 pro that is running ios 14.4.2 i'm just wondering incase there is any news or anything about a possible jailbreak for this device on version 14.4.2 that is being worked on or is available or in beta, i kinda like stock ios but i also wanna try jailbreak again, so i'm mixed, super sorry if this has already been answered before, anyway always healthy to have the option to jailbreak :cb_gasm_love:
how can i jailbreak to 14.                                                                                      3
now another possibly stupid question how to i know if a real jailbreak is released for a12 on 14.4.2
so my dad still uses an iphone 6 and the covid app for canada requires ios 13, so obviously he couldnt get it. then i had the idea to jailbreak his phone and use lower install to get it this worked. so i'm just curious if the covid app can detect the covid api built into ios 12.5.1 and id doesnt require anything else that is only in ios 13 or higher. why do you think they didnt give the app ios 12 support?
hey guys im new here. i used to jailbreak my ipod touch back in the days on like ios 5 lol. i recently found an ipad my mom used to have. its on ios 11.02. is there any way i can get to a newer ios that can be jailbroken because it only wants me to update to 14.4.2 but there is no break for 14.4.2 atm or is there?
no, i want to install apps like checkra1n on my ios device without installing from a website because certificates are revoked too fast
is there a jailbreak that lemme transfer files directly from iphone to pc (using filza manager or not)?
i jailbreak my iphone 7 on ios 14.4 with checkra1n i just dual booted my windows with checkra1n and then clicked the one where you can jailbreak  any os that was not tested
14.4.2 is out and i wanna update my ipad if i update it do i have to download a new oddysey version and everything or can i just jailbreak it quickly
on my iphone my messages arent going trhough when im on jailbreak like they arent refreshing i have two phones one unjailbroken one jailbroken the jailbroken one gets messages sometimes but ssometimes it doesnt however the message pops up on my jailbroken phone. i have tweak injection disabled on injection tweak, anyone know a solution?
i forgot the command i'm trying to figure out how to jailbreak my phone, i have a iphone 12 pro with version 14.4.2
is it possible to revert my phone which is on 14.5 beta to a jailbreakable version? if not, is a 14.5 jailbreak coming (however long it might be) or will i be waiting until ios 15?
hi i don't know if this is the right place to ask the question i'm french .. is there an untethered jailbreak for ios 12.5.1?
i want to jailbreak my ipad on version 14 but i accidentally updated to 14.4.2 can i undo an update or is it messed up?
also when i install altstore and unc0ver, they don't show up so i have to restart my iphone twice before even being able to jb -_-
should also add that it's pointless to bother the jb developers when there isn't even a public exploit released for newer ios versions yet
is their anyone here with ios14.3 taurine a14 device who can confirm if vnidebypass is working on it
so i ~think~ im jailbroken now. odyssey still says jailbreak (thought itd change to jailbroken), but sileo got downloaded and i was able to install snoverlay2 which i dont think normal ios can do -- please correct me if im wrong
for example when you're using checkra1n but want to use u0 but you can't because you're on 14.4 and u0 works on 14.3 then you downgrade to 14.3
shoutout to the white names that can do basic trouble shooting and don't say "my jailbreak is ios 14"
i rejaibroken my iphone x on 14.1, what can i do to increase that 7 days limit for unc0ver and altstore '
i had a question, i have a iphone xr and want to jailbreak is there any jailbreaks for the xr with the 14.4.1?
if you create a backup before jailbreaking, then when you want to go back to stock ios, after you restore rootfs and dfu restore, can you restore that backup without bringing back remnant jb files?
any simple ways to jailbreak my iphone 6s? on ios 14.4.2 tried multiple things already none work just too many to go through.
hi, i'm new, can someone help me with a problem?  i speak spanish so my english may be a bit confusing.  i have an unusual problem, when i jailbreak with uncover the buttons of the handsfree do not work, i cannot raise or lower the volume with my headphones i have looked everywhere for help and nobody knows anything.  the weird thing is that with checkra1n i don't have that problem, only with uncover and with taurine the same thing happened to me, it's an iphone 6s with ios 14.1
i am running 14.3 on an ip7 and i want to migrate from odysseyra1n to taurine, i found something in the wiki but i didn't fully understand what to do
i am running 14.3 on an ip7 and i want to migrate from odysseyra1n to taurine, i found something in the wiki but i didn't fully understand what to do
sorry i do not know what is jailbreak good for. i jailbreaked my iphone 7 14.4.2 because i dont use it anymore. i thought you get nice benefit from doing that
i am switching from u0 to chimera on ios 12.4.6 and uncover is not restoring rootfs any help or should i just reboot my phone and restore rootfs from chimera then jailbreak
i am switching from u0 to chimera on ios 12.4.6 and uncover is not restoring rootfs any help or should i just reboot my phone and restore rootfs from chimera then jailbreak
idk if i should even bother jailbreaking my 14.4.2 if there arent any apps in cydia that will be compatible
i saved blobs from ios 13.6, on my iphone 8, which i can re-jailbreak later, and when i saved them i got one for 13.6, 13.7 (i think) and 14.1. can i use those?
last time i jailbroke a phone was on an iphone 8 max and i think it was running ios 12 and i used uncover. can anyone tell me whats the best way to jailbreak ios 14.4 on a iphone 12 pro max if their even is a way?
i happened to come across some old iwpa files for restoring iphones.  if i use that, can i jailbreak?
just got the new iphone pro max on firmware 14.4. confirming the jailbreak for iphone 12 pro max is only available for 14.3. whats unc0vers twitter handle so i can follow?
i know but lets say ios 15.1 is out and a new jailbreak tool got released for ios 15 than i would like to update to ios 15 without a pc you know what i mean?
hi, i was out of news from jailbreak for a little bit and now i'm on ip xr 14.4.1 and wanted to ask if there's going to be any jb soon for it? thanks
gents , really stupid question -im a noob- anyone got a guide or link on how to downgrade from 14.5. want to attempt my first jb
tough times hit, i restored to 14.4.2, my phone is perfect but i do miss my jailbreak a bit, is there **any** chance of this being jailbroken anytime soon? i know about the "don't ask for eta",don't have to remind me
yo, sorry for asking cus i'm a noob, but does anyone have a estimated time for how long the jailbreaks for 14.4 will be released, specifically unc0ver? sorry if this is a bad question.
apple messed with sep stuff again in 14.5, that's what my panic log on a10 says... but with the sep exploit they can fix it, it's just a temporary obstacle
one day when i check this server there will be a ping from announcements saying unc0ver 14.4 is released and until that day ill be forever sad
can someone help me? so currently i have a jb iphone 11 ios 13.1.1 and ive ran into the problem where my mobile service provider doesnt work and i need to update. can i update my phone to something more recent and still jb?
hi,anybody know how to jailbreak iphone 5s  ios 12.5.1 i try to jailbreak with checkra1n but  i don,t no    how can i
i'm asking if i reverted to 14.4 from 14.5b could i jailbreak with checkn1x (the method i used before)
idk if any devs have hinted that there's a ip11 ios 14.4 jb coming soon. i'm just poking around looking for answers.
helo my ipad shows apple logo how do i boot ios sir i have privlem i have importavjt files how to botot geop please help i need recover files no backup can i use jailbreak to boot i run ios 14.2 ipad air 4 help
i'm currently on ios 13.7 (but i backed up my blobs for 14.2 when it was still being signed, though i don't  know how to use them to jailbreak that version)
if youre on 14 just use odysseyra1n then you can jump between taurine and checkra1n without restoring
i mean i literally jailbroke an iphone 5s with no issues with unc0ver, but that was just because i couldn't be bothered to go get another one, everyone here will recommend you anything besides u0 tho
i need some help. i am on 12 pro max 14.3. i had my jailbreak working fine earlier today and yesterday. it crashed today and cydia stopped working. so i went into unc0ver and did the re-install cydia setting and then clicked jailbreak. well it isn't fixing at all. i can't access cydia or zebra at all and all my tweaks are gone. i tried reinstalling unc0ver through altstore again. i did airplane mode. nothing is working. any ideas?
depends on your ios, anything by the odyssey or checkra1n team seems best, if it's not compatible just go u0
im on 14.4 im just waiting for them to relaese a new jailbreak for 14.4 or 14.5 i havent updated yet
hello everyone, does anyone know who or which jailbreak is almost complete for ios 14.4 on a12 devices ? thank you.
i might keep uncover for a whiel just to see how it goes, it was fine on my iphone 8 when i had it on that
hello everyone, i just got my self a ipad pro 12.9 4th gen on ios 14.4 and i want to jailbreak is the process the same as what i did to jailbreak my iphone 8plus on ios 14.2 ? please advise? thank you.
how can i restore from a backup without bootlooping my phone and staying on 14.3 to be able to jailbreak ?
i had my iphone on ios 14.3 and jailbroken.. i had send it to apple to get repaired, i dropped it, now it is on ios 14.4.1. so no more jailbreak. what can i do? i never saved an shsh blob
just managed to jailbreak my iphone with the new jailbreak but sileo won't install the dependencies and i'm not sure what i'm supposed to do to make it work, a lot of stuff is depending on "libcrypt2" which i don't have, sileo doesn't seem to know how to install it, and my jailbreak app says everything is installed in order, what should i do?
just out of curiosity, did anything change in ios 14.4 that jb that without checkr1n could take months or more?
you can, but the ios 13 jailbreaks are much more stable than the ios 14 ones, i would stay on 13 personally.
so, is this discord dedicated to just talking about jailbreaks or do we have anyone in here that is into finding 0days and writing jailbreaks? currently working on reversing the ios kernel, anyone else in here interested in the same stuff?
i'm kinda new to jailbreaking and was wondering if i can jailbreak my iphone se 2020 running ios 14.4.1 currently or should i wait?
1. can i jailbreak my iphone 11 running ios 14.4.0? if not, is there a signed ipsw that i can use to downgrade that will allow me to jailbreak it?
14.3 is the latest jailbreakable, you can futurerestore to 14.2 or 14.3 if you have blobs, otherwise stay where you are
anyone updated to the latest substitute on u0 6.1.1? any issues? currently on ios 14.3 with ip12 pro max
hi, now that the sub reddit is a private, can somebody tell me what are my options to iphone 8 jailbreak 10.1.1
can anyone help me as i'm trying to jailbreak ios 9.3.6 and i found it can be done using phoenix, i'm trying to install using cydia impactor, but it shows no device connected
okay so im on 14.1 uncover 6.1.1 and my snapchat is getting locked though i have no snapchat related tweaks installed, i tried unsub and disable tweak injection and still got banned as well, what can i do?
hello, i'm trying to jailbreak an ipad mini on ios 9.3.5 but i don't know how to do it. can someone helps me ?
i mean i got tired of shortcuts now but it's still good for the average tiktok user who's probably on 14.4.1 and doesn't even know how to jailbreak
ok so i was trying to jailbreak my iphone 6s but i needed to enter dfu mode. however i can't because my iphone's home button isnt working
hey! not sure if i'm on the right channel, but i was wondering if anyone knows how to install sileo on ios 13.7 unc0ver
can some please help me i have a iphone 7 plus running 14.4.1 and whenever i try jaibreaking with checkrain its says "timed out waiting for bootstrap upload (likely caused by an incompatible tweak, to enable safe mode check the option on main screen) (error code: -20)" please help me iv been trying to figure this out for 3 hours
i literally can't change what apps i have, they just *are.* i can't install and i can't delete them. 14.2 xs max u0 (everything is up to date)
hey guys, i just picked up an iphone 11 pro from swappa. looks like it's on 14.2 currently. going by the chart, it looks like i can use unc0ver to jb on 14.2 and 14.3. am i good to jailbreak on 14.2 or am i better off going to 14.3? or is there even a way to currently go from 14.2 to 14.3?
guys i got a lil question, i just jailbroke my old iphone se cause im switching to it from my android cause i cracked it, is there a way to unlock the network restrictions when jailbreaked (i installed checkrain already)
hey guys quick question. i have a iphone x. can i still jailbreak ios 14.4.1 with checkra1n and use faceid?
is iphone x 14.4.1 jailbreakable? cij says my phone can't update to that version but it says i can on the device
guys, if im on 14.3.1 does that mean i can jb with uncover that is capable to jb ios 14.3 ? its 14.3 in general?
guys, if im on 14.3.1 does that mean i can jb with uncover that is capable to jb ios 14.3 ? its 14.3 in general?
any idea why unc0ver 3.8.0-b1 continually crashes and restarts after the jailbroken dialogue comes up on my iphone 8 12.1.1?
so basically i went to sleep with my phone on jailbreak state and woke up with cydia and all my tweaks getting wiped out my phone lol, anyone else occurred this or..? iphone 8, 14.4 checkra1n
can someone help me with my old 5s on ios 12.5.1? i had unc0ver working consistently yesterday, now it just flat out doesn't work, fails out every time with error exploiting kernel or sometimes dpkg error and checkra1n just doesn't work at all
i didnt do that i wanted to go to 14.2 just in case i want to jailbreak again with unc0ver but the thing with future restore didnt really work..
hey guys welcome back to my channel, today i will show you how to jailbreak iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.5.1 using unc0ver jailbreak 2021. so first go to the website listed in the description and it will take you to unc0vers website. then select your iphone and version and click jailbreak. to avoid abuse of our system you will have to do a quick human identity verification. then the resources needed to jailbreak will be injected on your iphone. then the unc0ver app will appear and hit jailbreak. thank you guys for watching and be sure to like, share and comment!
did you know you cannot jailbreak an a12+ device on ios 14.4 or higher? it is very unfortunate that you can't but it is the truth. currently you can jailbreak on any version 14.3 and lower on a12+ devices. if you were patient and didn't update right now you could be jailbroken and be very happy. unfortunately at this moment you will just have to wait longer until modernpwner releases their 14.4-14.5 exploit. then either coolstar or pwn20wnd will have to update taurine or unc0ver to support the version you are currently on. at this time i recommended installing the block ota profile from !t blockota and waiting until a jailbreak is possible on your currently installed version.
came here to ask precisely this, there were rumors of unc0ver being updated to work on 14.4 but i was wondering if anyone knew how certain those rumors were
because there's no reason not to update to the latest ios if you dont have any intention of jailbreaking
hey guys, i'm on 14.4 and was wondering if there's any way yet to be jailbroken and keep the jailbreak? i'm not sure if i've asked this question before, i feel like i have but i just wanted to check that there's definitely no way **at all**? plugging my phone into my laptop each time to re-apply the jailbreak after i've turned my phone off doesn't bother me **too** much but is there no other jailbreak that's different to checkra1n that lets you keep the jailbreak, even after turning your phone off? i think what i'm looking for is an untethered jailbreak for ios version 14.4, if untethered is the right word
not been keeping up with jailbreak news, what tool do i use if i want to jailbreak iphone xs or iphone 6?
havent done anything to versions below, except jailbreak my friends iphone 5 on ios 11 and not rootfs it after
while jailbreaking with checkra1n, the screen of the phone went off from the recovery mode, it did not turn on again. i cannot exit the recovery mode. what should i do? ios 14.4.1
so is there a tweak or way to see my total screen time on my ipad 6th gen jail broken with uncover currently on 13.6.1 like with a tv?
is there a tweak or way to see my total screen time on my ipad 6th gen jail broken with uncover currently on 13.6.1 like with a tv?
quick question: i have an iphone 8 that doesn't have cydia or checkra1n on it but some apps still crash and think my phone is jailbroken when i updated my phone to 14.4.1. am i screwed until a jailbreak comes out? or is there a jailbreak for iphone 8 on ios 14.4.1?
has anyone been able to actually jailbreak iphone x on 14.4, using linux? i allow untested versions and it still gives me an error saying it is unsupported(using checkra1n)
apple can temporarily break checkra1n with ios updates but since checkm8 is hardware exploit they're just throwing obstacles in front of the devs and it's usually not too hard to fix
yeah just wanted to do something with my ipad cuz i get a ipad pro with 1tb and i thought i could try jailbreaking my old one now.
i hate when decent jb youtubers make one "**icloud bypass ios 14.4 all devicesssss!**" and then you can't recommend them anymore
did you know you cannot jailbreak an a12+ device on ios 14.4 or higher? it is very unfortunate that you can't but it is the truth. currently you can jailbreak on any version 14.3 and lower on a12+ devices. if you were patient and didn't update right now you could be jailbroken and be very happy. unfortunately at this moment you will just have to wait longer until modernpwner releases their 14.4-14.5 exploit. then either coolstar or pwn20wnd will have to update taurine or unc0ver to support the version you are currently on. at this time i recommended installing the block ota profile from !t blockota and waiting until a jailbreak is possible on your currently installed version.
so i can go to ios 14.4.1 or whatever the newest is, save my blobs, then go back to my jailbreakable ios 13?
i literally stayed on ios 14.0 for so long then decided to go to 14.3 and sat on that for a long time then finally the 14.3 jailbreak came out, somehow i broke it and i was forced to restore to 14.4
hey guys. i have an iphone 6 on 10.3.3 that used to be jailbroken (it has been restarted and isn't jb'd anymore). that said, i'm about to sell the phone, so i'd like to restore it to factory 10.3.3 so the buyer can jailbreak it if he wants to. how can i do that?
hey guys, i've just jailbroken (do you say it like that?) my iphone 11 pro max on ios 14.3. works perfectly fine. if i restart my device now, the jailbreak is gone. do i have to go to the uncover app and click "jailbreak" again? or how does it work
did you know you cannot jailbreak an a12+ device on ios 14.4 or higher? it is very unfortunate that you can't but it is the truth. currently you can jailbreak on any version 14.3 and lower on a12+ devices. if you were patient and didn't update right now you could be jailbroken and be very happy. unfortunately at this moment you will just have to wait longer until modernpwner releases their 14.4-14.5 exploit. then either coolstar or pwn20wnd will have to update taurine or unc0ver to support the version you are currently on. at this time i recommended installing the block ota profile from !t blockota and waiting until a jailbreak is possible on your currently installed version.
did you know you cannot jailbreak an a12+ device on ios 14.4 or higher? it is very unfortunate that you can't but it is the truth. currently you can jailbreak on any version 14.3 and lower on a12+ devices. if you were patient and didn't update right now you could be jailbroken and be very happy. unfortunately at this moment you will just have to wait longer until modernpwner releases their 14.4-14.5 exploit. then either coolstar or pwn20wnd will have to update taurine or unc0ver to support the version you are currently on. at this time i recommended installing the block ota profile from !t blockota and waiting until a jailbreak is possible on your currently installed version.
the best solution is to not upgrade to the newest version of ios, but wait for the jailbreak to come out, the newer the version you have, the more impossible it is to be able to jailbreak
so i tried installing unc0ver on my iphone se 2016 on ios 14.3 with altstore, and got this error, any fixes?
does uncover work on one of the ios 14 betas? i remember seeing something like that on twitter not sure if it was real or anything
question so can i run libhooker and procurus on my iphone 8 testing phone with checkra1n on ios 14.4
yo my phone randomly crashes and goes into non jail broken mode, ios 14,2 uncover latest and iphone xs any fix?
hi ik this isnt jb related but im trying to unblock an iphone and when i plug it into my pc it doesnt show up as a usb connected device all it does is charge and when i try to put it into recovery mode it turns on by its self once i plug it in
i'm having problem with this, does anyone now what is this ? i'm jailbreak using checkra1n on ios 13.3
mfs update to the latest ios version that was released a couple days ago and complain "why can't i jailbreak"
guys i want to jailbreak my iphone x but i bought icloud do i get problems with icloud when i jailbreak my phone?
anyone got a tweak for ios 14 that bypasses jb detection? latest update to my bank app blocks me from using it...
hi, i am very new to this server i was wondering where to start so i could jailbreak my iphone.  its an iphone 11 pro max and its version is 14.4
can literally anyone help me? i restored from an itunes backup and now my unjailbroken iphone on 14.2.1 that i was going to jailbreak seems to be stuck in a bootloop after restoring from the itunes backup. the apple logo appears, and then disappears repeatedly. is there anything i can do to fix it without restoring so i can keep my jailbroken version?
when i plug my ipod touch 6 (a8) into my ubuntu laptop, run checkra1n and hit start it crashes most of the time but if i first plug in any device - even one that isnt supported- then plug in the ipod it works fine
heyo, can anyone explain or give advice on how i would go about updating my jailbroken iphone 12 to a newer jailbreakable ios. afaik blobs are needed
is there a possibility to make a backup from an jailbroken iphone without the junk left jailbreak files??
i'm new to ios world with my new ipad air 2020, but i need to get free apps like youtube++, is there anyway to do that without jailbreaking ?
if anyone needs help on jailbreaking their device dm me ( must have a pc or laptop and a iphone that is on ios 11-14.3
i know there are those weird foreign app stores (which was how i got phoenix running on an old ipad mini), do those contain unc0ver by chance?
does anyone know if there is a way to jailbreak ipad 13.6 without a computer ? i tried jailbreaks.app but it doesn't work for me. the app is just be grayed out.
im sorry is this is a common question but is there a jailbreak for 14.4 yet?  and if not when might it come out?
i have som questions, does checkrain work on iphone xr (ios 14.4) and can i use a windows system to install it in some way?
i have som questions, does checkrain work on iphone xr (ios 14.4) and can i use a windows system to install it in some way
howdie! quick question: is there any way to jailbreak an iphone 8 running 14.4? the chart says checkra1n should support it, but it doesnt.
wait you know how checkra1n can run on linux or wait this might not work since it would be arm based but what if your jailbroke a phone with a jailbroken ipad running checkra1n in its terminal?
hey there, is there a jb for iphone 8 gsm on 14.4? tried checkra1n and it said it's not supported even though the jb excel said it's possible
i had flyjb on my 13.3 jb now updated to 14.3 and i can't find flyjb. where to find it or any other tweak?
can i jailbrrak my ipad 7th generation with ios 14.3 with checkra1n? i've heard that it doesn't work anymore so i just want to know lol
i taught david how to jailbreak he iphone se and he came back to school the next day and it was broken
hello guys i was wondering if its possible to downgrade my ipad to ios 13.4 with linux and then jailbreak
sorry i dont understand how to jailbreak im on windows ten and have an iphone 6s running ios 14.4 how will i jailbreak??
uncover stops at 27 stage and can't install shit, 14.3 beta 3, ipx. restorerootfs or any other toggles don't help at all
any idea what version i should stay on for he next jailbreak? just missed the last one bc im at 14.4
imagine if a jailbreak came out completely un-tethered and u could download it from altsotre and it created a new exploit for every ios on its own
any hope im still gonna turn off updates but is there any news or hope for unc0ver or any other exploit coming out for 14.4.1
is there a way to have sileo on my iphone 11 pro max with unc0ver? i tried asking reddit but my post was deleted and searching gave me the repo that took sileo off of it.  sam is ninja or something
my main hesitation with updating from 13.5 has been not wanting to lose tweaks like xcon and ig++ -- is xcon working on new ios, or is there another jailbreak bypass that's preferred?
quick question... if i jb 14.4 and theres a jb for 14.5 (when it comes out) i can just update it normally right
anyone have issues with apps not opening?  im on 14.3 u0 6.1.1 but it happened on 6.1.0 too. i have to downgrade the app for it to open
can someone tell me the basic steps to getting checkra1n on linux to jailbreak ios 14.4.1? or a link to something
heu guys, iphone 6, ios 12.1.4, jailbreak used to work fine but for some reasons now when it resprings it gets stuck and then restarts which disable the jailbreak again. i haven't installed any new tweaks and i use unc0ver.
i meant how long will my ipad air 2 be supported... i just thought that i will jailbreak when updates for my ipad will stop coming. or is it dumb idea and jailbreaked recieve updates too?
but really is there not any news on the horizon about a possible unc0ver or oddesy jailbreak for xs or 12 pro in 14.4?
i know. but it would've been nice is the news of unc0ver jailbreak for ios 14 was a bit more widespread and i could've still updated to that on my xs. which has been on 13.5 for ages!
hey, is there a way i could update to ios 14.3 on iphone xs? im currently on ios 14.0.1 and jailbroken by uncover 6.1.0
i jailbroke on ios 13 on my 6s for a little while, did a restore fs, upgraded to 14 and did checkra1n. i haven't had any issues for myself, it's a pretty solid system.
i have a jailbreak question as well, if i had a 2nd gen ipad running ios 9, what would i use to jb it and is there a tweak to make it run faster
hey quick question!! so if i update my iphone xr to the most recent update i can jailbreak it with checkrain!?
just got unc0ver running on 14.2 a14 and can't download any apps from the app store, anyone know what the issue could be?
jailbreak state bypassed! but i still have to figure out how to make this stupid app think im on 14.4
hey guys can i jailbreak on the newesr ios version that came out a second ago with unc0ver even tho unc0ver says it only work up to 14.3!!!!11111!!11!1!!!1!
no biggie. i'll just wait for 14.5 jb. whenever that gets released haha. thanks for answering my question
so while i'm on 14.5, if i downgrade to 14.4 and the jailbreak gets released. will my watch still work after jailbreaking my phone? it tells me i need to update my ios for watch to work. since watch is on watchos beta too
hi there, i saved my blobs for 14.4 and 14.4.1 for my 8 plus gsm, does anybody knows if its checkrainable or should wait 13.5 until they figure it out what they patched for uncover?
anyone know why my phone takes forever to boot after jailbreaking? ios 14.3. never done it in ios 13.5. same tweaks i installed before. jetsam crashes too.
can someone remind me which dev was it that said they have a 14.4 exploit, was it modern pwner, or pattern-f
so it says that my file is vaild that means i can futurestore 14.0 to 14.4 when jailbreaks comes out?
can anyone tell me if i blob saved my iphone 11 right because i want to upgrade it then to 14.4 when jailbreaks comes out
hello, i want to unjailbreak my phone to play at cod mobile, but it's a new phone i bought at someone and there is only cydia and dolphinios, but not unc0ver, and the two apps don't open, someone has a solution ?
hello i'm new on this server and i want to know if checkrain can jailbreak iphone 7 on ios 14.4 ? sorry if is the wrong chan ^^'
the guy that released the exploit says he has one up to 14.5 and may release it once patched by apple
im making a video guide on how to """jailbreak""" ios 14.4 with zjelbrek and an indian text to speech.
$30 for anyone who can jailbreak my iphone 14.3 iphoen 12 pro max. help me please. i have a trouble with altstore.
i'm on 14.3 jailbreak with unc0ver but suddenly my phone restarted (blank - boot again), and now i can't install altstore from windows.
$30 for anyone who can jailbreak my iphone 14.3 iphoen 12 pro max. help me please. i have a trouble with altstore.
i'm new to jailbreaking and haven't jailbreaked anything yet, is there any good tutorial on how to jailbreak an ipad? i'm on ipados 14.4
you can still get the blobs for 14.4 and later 14.5 when it will come out, it's not like they won't get a jb
i have a hard and annoying problem i am trying to rejailbrak my phone after a year i went to icrackedyouredevice and watched a video of how to download jailbreack on the latest version of ios (ios 14.4) well after following the steps this happened right before jailbreaking
is there any tweak or setting that i can make sure my generator is really set to `0x1111111111111111` (unc0ver jailbroken a14), or something that can help me check if my blobs have been saved correctly?
whats the time window like for being able to fr in time for an update? im under the impression that i should update to 14.3 now, but dont wanna lose jb yet. and dont wanna wait and lose chance to fr to 14.3
has anyone gone from 13.5 odyssey to 14.3 on a13 (ipone11) with the new uncover? im really curious about ios 14, but love odyssey jb. but dont wanna lose opportunity window before sep and bb dont match anylonger
hello, i am having trouble figuring out as to how to use the blob that i saved for ios 14.1. i am currently on ios 13.5 and want to use the blob to go to 14.1 and jailbreak with unc0ver.
sorry to bother y'all but is it possible to jailbreak a ios 14.2 i phone 11 pro? i can't find any tutorials on the subject
i'm unjailbreaked 13.5 and i want to upgrade to 14.3 for the unc0ver jailbreak. do i update then downgrade? how do i downgrade to 14.3?
hey so ive been ootl for a bit, can you jailbreak iphone xs on 14.4 with unc0ver? swear i saw something like that somewhere
i'm not too familiar with the details more than what i've already said, but afaik it would need a seprom or sepos exploit (the latter can be patched with ios updates)
can anyone please tell me why i get this error? i was on ios v12.0.1 when unc0ver just stopped working. so i backed up my iphone(still jailbroken) and restored it. i get this error when i try to restore from the backup
hey im new to jailbreaking but i was wondering what jailbreak i should use on 14.0.1 and how to do it, if anyone can help that would be good
this is a guessing game for me tbh bc i can only use checkra1n but there could be an issue with the root file system due to a bug in unc0ver. what iphone?
will jb'ing it delete the data? bro i just need my data lol. is there a memory card or some shit in the iphone
or you can use unc0ver (or soon odyssey14) if on a compatible version and still have sep bc the boot process doesn't involve dfu
just like icrackuridevice made a video on how to jailbreak ios 13.3 a couple of hours after it was released.
i went with u0 6.1.0 in the end for now but i can always checkra1n it if u0 is too unstable or i end up on 14.4
is there a way to safely jailbreak without breaking the fingerprint reader and all that (ios 15, iphone 8)
electra for every single version of ios 11 now only includes sileo. is there an ios 11-11.4.1 jailbreak that includes cydia?
i've jailbreaked my iphone and wanted to make it back but i can't download software updates anymore, how can i fix it?
quick question. i have an iphone xr atm which has jailbroken files on it. i have just bought the iphone 12 so i was wondering if i backed up this phone and transferred it to my new phone will any jailbreak stuff transfer over ?
are there any disadvantages of using ios13.6 with jb when compared to ios14.x? like security, features, and stuff like that?
i did jailbreak an iphone 6 and left for a while, but when i wanted it to use it again i couldn't use the jailbreak
ayo i can't seem to jb my ipad 6 (wifi) with the latest version of checkra1n, should i put it in untested versions mode?
guys, sorry for such n00b questions, i've jailbroken my phone like a year ago and it all worked fine, now i did again on on iphone 11 pro max, with unc0ver and altstore, but i dont have cydia anywhere, how do i install some kind of browser for it? :))
does anyone else have problems with snowboard on ios 14 with the new uncover jailbreak? it just goes directly into safemode when i install it
idk how but i havent had a single issue or problem with my device at all on ios 14.3 on uncover 6.0.0 somehow
alt store works for unc0ver, you can also use the ios app signer method if youve got a mac and xcode to side load with
guys i bought iphone 11 pro right now and i'm on ios 13.6. which jailbreak should i use and should i maybe update to any newer version? thanks
i am using chimera jailbreak on iphone 6 version 12.5.1 and after couple of weeks it unjailbreak by itself. do i need to use reprovision to keep my iphone jailbroken for ever or there are other solution? anyone can help
what did they do though as it is a hardware exploit so what did they do to ios to make it impossible to keep sep?
hi everyone! i just found my ipad 3 and got it back working but i noticed that most apps i wanted to download aren't supported for ios 9.3.6... could i download these apps if i jailbreak my device? i'm interested in skype, youtube, netflix and messenger for facebook if you are wondering. thank you!
if you are buying new the 11 pro max might still be on ios 13 in which case if you want ios 14 youll have to update to 14.4 so no jailbreak. the iphone 12 has a chance of being between 14.0-14.4 so you could prob jailbreak that
i heard rumours they found a exploit for 14.4 ? could this bring the next jailbreak in the next weeks ?
damn, uncover 6.0.0 almost no problems on my iphone 12 mini, while 6.0.1 was so buggy i had to revert (stuck apps, couldn't access picture or take screenshots, crashes, didnt always jailbreak etc)
uncover keeps crashing at step 9. im on ios 14.3 on iphone 12 pro max, anyone gettin the same thing? ideas on a fix?
is there a list of recommended applications for jailbroken ios 14 anywhere? so far other than the base unc0ver i have filza. i'd be interested in a backup app that is an equivalent to titanium backup, and other "must haves."
hi guys, i have an iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.3 and i'm not quite sure if i should jailbreak. is there anything that can go wrong? or could apple somehow notice it and void my warranty? i really dont wanna lose my warranty lol
anybody else jb 12 pro max on 14.3 yet? my xs max is working pretty good, but idk how much difference my experience will be on the 12
hi. quick question. i have iphone 12 pro max with ios 14.4. is there anyway i can go back to 14.3 to jailbreak?
can someone help me, cydia lists all my sources but doesnt get the tweaks from them. i rooted on 13.5 unc0ver then fr'd to 14.3 and now i can't download tweaks...
uhh so, i have an iphone se 2020 model thats on 13.5.1 and downloaded unc0ver for curiosity and it says i can jailbreak but im kinda scared to even click it cause im not 100% sure
hey, anyone got problem with syncing apple watch with iphone after unc0ver jailbreak? i have read such info on reddit but want to confirm with you here
hey guys im currently on 14.2.1 (jailbroken), can i still update to 14.3 without messing it up and going to 14.4 and missing out on jailbreak fun.
i recently jailbroke my iphone xr on ios 14.3 and amazon music detects my jailbreak. any way to bypass? sorry if this is a really common question
hi guys, i have a mini5 on 14.2 and wanna jb, but dont have any blobs for earlier ipados. can i still jb? ty
is anyone else having issues with apple watch notifications not working at all after using unc0ver? 14.2 if it matters
does anyone know what ios will be supported since they arent using unc0vers exploit and the beta has rolled out
hi i'm new to jailbreaking ios. so my ip8 is currently on 13.3. now i know the latest ios is 14.4, so is it possible to update to 14.3 instead? and what method should works best? thanks
jailbreaking my phone has really made me enjoy the iphone part of my pockets a lot more, however asking here will get very biased answers
anyone know how to jailbreak in 14.4 with chechra1n i accidentally left auto updates on so it updated f
tryn to re jb 14.3 12 pro max.  worked all day yesterday, got some tweaks going and no when i try uncover say it will now reboot in jb state but it just hangs on apple logo then boots in non jb state..any suggestions??  ive tried not loading tweaks and still same result
is there any any way to make my code as an ios app without xcode or something like an app? like using a jailbreak tweak or something??
i am jailbroken with unc0ver 6. whenever i get a notification, if i pull it down it sends my phone into safemode. any fix for this? i am on iphone xr 14.3rc
of course as i want to jailbreak i happen to be on 14.4 and they don't sign 14.3 anymore. iphone 11 pro max, how long would it normally be until they get an ios 14.4 jailbreak?
but how do you get altstore on ios 14.2 jailbroken without a computer? i need it to keep unc0ver signed
anyone having problems with opening banking apps and such try using xcon it hides your jailbreak so it could fix your problem especially if your like me who can't open terminals even though on a13 device ios14.0.1
what can be do if jb a12 device ios 14 and series 6 watch basically i want more faces for my apple watch
well, that's how jailbreaks work - there's a vulnerability in ios and someone writes an exploit (code that makes use of the vulnerability)
they either updated to 14.3 a while ago, or saved their blobs and updated once the jailbreak got released
question if uncover or any other jailbreak apps are done with the 14.3 will they start working or the next one us it until the patch cuz idk if i can wait for months and months just for anothet uncover or odessy jailbreak
ok i guess im gonna bring my iphone 6 to this meeting just so i can access one app thats detecting jb
is there a way i can install unc0ver to my ipad without an internet connection. i have a pc but i hit my data cap.
could a previous install of plankfilza  be causing unc0ver v6 to fail on iphone xs max - ios 14.0.1?
alright so i failed to update to ios 14.3 on time so can someone tell me how to get more 14 features on my 13 jailbreak
if it is possible to get a tethered downgrade to ios 13.5 with checkra1n and future restore, could i get sep back?
guys i have to say im using unc0ver on 14.3 iphone 12 and i am having the best time. no bad tweaks or anything
modernpwner has another unreleased exploit for 14.4 and up, once apple patches it they *may* release it, and then it could be used in jailbreaks
ok that makes sense. a reddit post, unless read wrong by me or was wrong in general, said there was a vaunerable bug in ios 14.4. how likely will the unc0ver team be able to use that to exploit 14.4?
the whole reason the jb was released was because apple published details of vulnerabilities patched in 14.4 and then someone wrote an exploit for 14.3 and lower
ok thats too bad. i mean why wouldnt the exploit that is in 14.3 be in 14.4. because the jailbreak just released so apple probably didnt know about the exploit yet.
just because you don't have access to a computer on a daily doesn't mean you can't obtain access to one in an emergency. and the chances of a bootloop ar every very low. i've only been bootlooped once on ios 9 after years of jailbreaking.
i remember a long time ago i jailbreaked my  iphone 4 and there was this method that if u cancel ur payment, u would still get the payment
hi, i have an a10 on 14.2 with odysseyra1n jailbreak. ive not been following it closely but i see there are new jailbreaks. is there something better i should use? what if i want to upgrade to 14.4?
how do i get the latest unc0ver? i'm on 14.1 on an iphone 12 but their website only links to an older version of the jb.
hey i just got a successful jailbreak on my iphone xs, i haven't jailbroken since the iphone 5 days so whats the next step, is cydia still the place for tweaks and if so, how do i get it?
hello, how can i install uncover on my ipad? i don't have usb c to usb a to connect to my macbook air. so how can i install uncover to my ipad?
is there even a way to download unc0ver through only ios right now? i dont think theres a signed version anywhere
i have a question regarding apnonce. when i check my blob it shows me a generator and apnonce. should i use the shown apnonce value to set it on my iphone using uncover? i'm preparing for futurerestore
how do i fix this? ive reinstalled rocket bootstrap from rpetrichs repo multiple times but no fix, u0 14.0
can i have some help with jailbreaking ios 14.3 plz with unc0ver i get to step 2 but then it crashes
i downloaded altstore and downloaded unc0ver through it but not popping up on my iphone... any help? 11 pro max 14.1
why y'all mad over unc0ver, he literally programmed for us to jailbreak an iphone for free and y'all have to be really disrespectful to him. if you can't jailbreak your iphone then that's your problem not his. stop blaming him for no reason omg ..
ok if i want to jailbreak 14.1 but also want to jailbreak 14.4 when it releases, how can i do so? the 14.4 jailbreak will take so long that when it releases 14.4 will no longer be signed
ok if i want to jailbreak 14.1 but also want to jailbreak 14.4 when it releases, how can i do so? the 14.4 jailbreak will take so long that when it releases 14.4 will no longer be signed
hello guys i am trying to install altstore, the latest version on my iphone 11 pro max ios 14.0.1, it installs succesfully, it shows i can open uncover in altstore, but altstore isn't on my phone screen and searching for it shows no results. what can i do?
hey guys i need help i got uncover on my iphone 12 pro max(ios14.3) and it keeps crashing on step 9 out of 30 trying to disable the sandbox. i got the jailbreak on my iphone from an 3rd party app store because altstore would not work on my windows pc because it kept saying i didnt have itunes or icloud installed when i did and when i manually found the folder it kept saying it was missing some kind of .dil does anyone know how i can fix the crashing or fix altstore
anyways, i rejailbroke with unc0ver, first it just restarted my iphone and on the second try it went fine
i have seen that unc0ver released 6.0.0 and i'm really happy about it but does that mean i can jailbreak my iphone 11 with ios 14.0?
how to upgrade from 13.5 u0 to 14.3 have blobs for 14.3 and have laptop with windows os please help !!!!
anyone here on 14.x on an iphone se (1st gen) jailbroken with unc0ver? if so, please dm me. i need something testing.
the last untethered jailbreak was released for ios 9.0.2 and the most recent exploit that could lead to an untether works on 11.x, don't expect another untether for a modern ios in the next 3 years
okay thanks a lot for the help, when it comes to the exploit coming out how do i actually use the blob to update to 14.4?
any downsides to using future restore to update my iphone x 13.3.1 to 14.0.1 (with blobs i have saved) to re-jb?
any downsides to using future restore to update my iphone x 13.3.1 to 14.0.1 (with blobs i have saved) to re-jb?
any downsides to using future restore to update my iphone x 13.3.1 to 14.0.1 (with blobs i have saved) to re-jb?
is there any way of jailbreaking on 14.4? stuck on 13.5 and wanna get ios14 features but never got round to it when new ios14 exploits were released
ya i know, whats wrong with using it, isnt it save since i have the blobs?? i mean how else am i ever gonna get on ios 14 and keep my jb?
ya i know, whats wrong with using it, isnt it save since i have the blobs?? i mean how else am i ever gonna get on ios 14 and keep my jb?
other than when ios14 was released, have they added much more? coz idk if its worth updating to 14.4 and waiting till a exploit comes out or staying on 13.5
i have iphone x jb on 13.3.1 with unc0ver and blobs shsh2 saved for 14.0.1, what is the best way to update to 14.0.1 so i can re jb with new unc0ver?
i have iphone x jb on 13.3.1 with unc0ver and blobs shsh2 saved for 14.0.1, what is the best way to update to 14.0.1 so i can re jb with new unc0ver?
well shit, is there any eta for when 14.4 would get jailbreak or nah? idk wether i stay on 13.5 or go to 14.4 for now
nah i have jb, just saying im quite far behind with the ios version, i wanna get ios 14, can i still update to ios14 and jailbreak?
yeah man, it's not really in a good place right now. but i'm not crying over the jailbreak itself alone, but also because seeing the iphone he got me that i never used. just brought up so many good memories that i miss
anyone know why my tweaks arent visible in settings (ios 14.1) with preference loader installed on unc0ver
pwn20wnd said he released this version because the exploit is patched in 14.4 and later unfortunatley
how do you download unc0ver on iphone? i can only see 5.3.1 on their website on my phone but on my pic i see 6.0
i have 11 pro max 13.5 on uncover. saved blobs for 14.3 18c65. do i have to use future restore or is there another way?
apparently modernpwner has a 14.4 exploit but can't remember if it's just a pac bypass or if it alone can be used for a jailbreak
would it be worth updating my ipad to 14.3 and jailbreaking with unc0ver, just so i can continue to work with my theme and support apps that may have had their bundle ids changed in ios 14
i have chimera but unc0ver for ios 12.5.1 is released now, you guys recommend keep chimera or unc0ver?
i'm not entirely sure how this works but i've got blobs of ios 14.x, say in future i wanted to update to ios 14.x because a jailbreak came out for it but its unsigned, whats the simplified process? future restore to 14.x then import backup to device, jailbreak with current jailbreak and install updated tweaks? or is future restore like you **have** to start from fresh?
firmware? if it's ios 14.3 or below you can use 6.0 when it releases later today, if not just wait until next jailbreak gets updated for your firmware
why does uncover work on 14.3 but not 14.4, unless the thing i read was wrong i thought there was a more vulnerable bug in ios 14.4, or has that not been exploited yet?
i just realized i might be forced to use u0 if 14.5 releases before anything else, since i will need to set a generator to save blobs
can someone clarify the pwn20nd situation? i thought he was working at apple and now he is contributing to the ios 14 jb?
hi there sorry i don't know much about jailbreaking, just have a question is it possible to jail ios 14.4 the youtube videos look sketchy. i just want to be able to play emulators on my iphone :(
checkra1n is being wonky does anyone know about another jailbreak that can be installed on a iphone 8 running ios 13.4.1
everytime i load up checkra1n and try to jailbreak my iphone 8 on ios  13.4.1 it just locks up when the booting... part comes up does anyone know how to fix this?
you know you could always use u0 for a bit, then switch and try to use odyssey14, we will more than likely prefer odyssey14 and will be more willing to give assistance for it than u0
yo i need some help. when i try to jailbreak it says sorry iphone xr ios 14.4 is not supported or some shit, but ive jailbroken ios 14.4 before. any help?
hi, i'm trying to jailbreak my ipad mini 2 that is running ios 12.4.6 with the chimera jailbreak tool. on the app it says that my device is supported and is compatible, however whenever i try to jailbreak, it reboots and doesn't work. any possible solutions?
hi, i'm trying to jailbreak my ipad mini 2 that is running ios 12.4.6 with the chimera jailbreak tool. on the app it says that my device is supported and is compatible, however whenever i try to jailbreak, it reboots and doesn't work. any possible solutions?
my device is iphone 8 plus version 13.5 i want to jailbreak but no pc i want to uncover it for it but uncover and odyssey signatures are off
hey so i saw the unc0ver tweets about a possible jailbreak coming out. should i stay in 14.0.1. will it even be able to jaikbreak.
id rather use stock on my 12pm and wait for odyssey14 so i can experience speed before jailbreaking kills it
hey guys, i want to restore rootfs on multiple devices on ios 12 so i can update to the latest firmware. i don't mind losing the jailbreak but i do mind losing the data. how can i restore the rootfs i can't reinstall unc0ver or checkra1n because my mac died
i know this authorized company who despises it lol. always asking me if i'm jb my iphone. i don't go there anymore
hey there jb for iphone pro max yet. i joined like 6 months ago and was told no hoping things are different now
i'm curious about the iphone 8 plus. i'm running 14.3 (i just got back into the jb game and just now stop auto updating.) and  i'm holding on to hope that there will be a jb for it some day. should i stop waiting on the 8 plus and try to upgrade or could it happed some day?
is there any way to jailbreak ipad 2 running on ios 9.3.5? can't seem to get phoenix to install from anywhere.
is it possible to jailbreak ios 14.4 iphone xs, i had to factory rest my iphone the screen was randomly opening apps calling people etc.
are any current working jailbreaks for ios 14.3 or is it just possibility? i have 14.3rc blob, thats why im asking
hi i have an iphone 6s on ios 14.4 and im on windows i dowloded the iso file for checkra1n and it says unsupported can anyone help me in jailbreaking my device or downgrading to ios 14.3 ?!
if anyone can dm me to help with the jailbreak i'd appreciate it. it's hard to keep up with this chat. my ipad is running 9.3.5 so appstore++ isn't an option. i don't know what to do...
hello am trying to jailbreak my iphone 5s for i cloud unlock after unlock not get incoming call. and am trying to restart my phone but it's asking again i cloud i'd is there any solution
i'm new to jailbreaking and i was wondering if there was a way i could jailbreak my iphone 11 pro max, 14.3, on windows without a usb
you'd still be able to jailbreak on 14.4 with checkra1n, and im pretty sure the exploit released for 14.3 also works on 14.1
unless modernpwner's unreleased exploit somehow continues to work on 14.5 final i'll probably have to downgrade to 14.4
i want to jb my ipad running 13.5 ipad pro 10.5 fusion version can someone send me checkra1n iso file for windows
*please note guys, as of the date we filmed this video, apple has released ios 13.5.1, patching out the unc0ver jailbreak* - linus sebastian
so i have an old iphone 6 pro and i want to jailbreak.. im sure there is a channel for what it does and how to do it but i can't find it.. any help?
not without a seprom exploit (or sepos exploit which could be patched with an ios update unlike seprom)
so the fuckass apple store managed to update my phone during a repair and im stuck on ios 14.5 on my iphone 11. any timeline on a jailbreak? please ping
is there any way to get switch online app working? im on checkrain, ios 14.2, with tweak injection disabled + kernbypass and its stuck loading infinitely
i'd love to have something like how they did it with ios 13 where they release a new jailbreak covering everything including the latest ones
so i am currently jailbroken on ios 13 and i saw that a ios 14 jailbreak may come out. if i didn't save my blobs for 14.3 and i want to eventually upgrade when a new jailbreak comes, am i kinda screwed now?
manticore and odyssey14 are about the only things i can think will maybe release that are full jailbreaks
i have an iphone x, ios 14.4 that i was going to jailbreak but checkra1n said it was not supported... is there a way i can fix this?
i everyone, someone can tell me if there is a way to do a userspace reboot without loosing jb on checkra1n ios 14 please ?
hey, i'm getting into the blobs part of ios now that there's an exploit for 14.3, probably too late but i'm on 14.3 on both my a9 and a11 devices. i noticed that if i dump the shsh from the device, there's a non 0x11111111 generator. when i dump with blobsaver, non jb, no generator, if i dump with jb, there's a 0x1111111 generator. can anyone give me any idea of what this means and what's the best practice to sabe these blobs?
so that eventually if a jailbreak comes out for a13 devices and ios 14 etc, you could downgrade to an exploitable ios version
anyone know how to boot iphone that has been jb up enough to get root file system access so i can fix bootloop
im trying to jailbreak my iphone 6s on ios 14.4 using ubuntu but whenever i click start it puts it in recovery mode and the terminal just says waiting or whatever then after a min or two says it couldnt put it in rec mode even tho it did
does anyone know of a tweak that skips jailbreak detection in apps for ios14? i want to be able to access my banking app again
idk if this is ok for this server but anyone know how to jailbreak a iphone 6s plus on 13.3, i tried checkra1n and i keep getting usb error 6
hey so i thought i got h3lix to jb my iphone 5c but when i open up cydia there's only one source and it's empty. how can i fix this?
i have an iphone 12 pro on 14.1, is there any way i can upgrade to 14.3 since the jailbreak that is being worked on is for 14-14.3
so, i'm a complete newb at making any modifications to my iphone. i have an iphone 6 that i bought in 2018. i am trying to get ios 14.5 beta on my device. i downloaded it from apple and it should be working but it's not. so now i'm considering jailbreaking. i did a backup on my itunes last night. what do?
so im pretty sure there's not a listed jailbreak for a12 14.4 but anyone have any guesses on which on will be on 14.4 soonest so i can keep watch? thanks.
is there any jailbreak tweak that can somehow pair my iphone 6 (ios 12) with an apple watch series 3 that requires at least ios 13?
but since we cannot set the sepnonce (needs an exploit - may be possible on a8-a10 in the future with the blackbird sep exploit used in checkra1n), occasionally blobs will become useless due to sep incompatibility - this usually happens with new major ios releases
hoping jailbreak gets released before 14.4 goes unsigned, can anyone make nonce generator setter for a14 before a jailbreak? just so to save 14.4 blobs.
any other way to get my iphone 7 out of a restore loop without updating ios? it seems no matter what i try i can't get out of restore mode. - happened after failed checkra1n jb attempt.
hello guys! a question for oldies! is there any working method for jb ios 8.4.1 on 32 bits devices? with the new changes that we faced, it's not possible no install etason via cydia impactor or similar.
random question, but in the future could more powerful iphones (or ipads) be able to dualboot with big sur if they have a jb available?
was the iphone 12 have a jailbreak like on an old version cause i mean if signing could would you could just sign 13.4
question about that ios 14.3 exploit. how do i use it with windows, i would rather wait for unc0ver to support it but i really want to jailbreak
i dropped my iphone in my bathtub while i was taking a bubble bath(with a colorbomb) ofcourse. i like blue baths just fyi. can i still jailbreak with cydia
guys i drop my iphone in bathtub while i taking bubble bath. how to fix. can i jailbreak wit cydia. pls send reply fast
can anyone tell me how to jb? ios 13.4.1 and its an iphone se 2020, i had jb but lost access to altstore because my computer took a fat shit
netflix keeps crashing (ios 13.5 on unc0ver) 11 pro max. any ideas? tried reinstalling the app and launching without tweaks but no go!
does anyone know of a jailbreak for iphone 8 ios 14.4. just got this phone and setting it up apple updated it automatically.
to be fair i kinda like how i can jailbreak ios 9.1 with pangu without having to downgrade itunes etc with it tho
or get any other iphone if you do not care about instant jailbreaks, apple never ships iphones with latest ios, afaik
i remember when i tried to jailbreak for the first time, waited for months and everyone told me that specific ios version was never going to be jailbroken, i fucking updated and a jailbreak got released one day later
hi guys, i have a simple question, i have a11 iphone on 12.1.2 which is oudated for the apps i want. do you recommend me to update 14.3 and wait for a jb or is it hopeless ?
anyways apparently checkra1n is supposed to be partially supported on 14.4 but i can't seem to get it to work
just curious, is there any jailbreak out there currently that is capable of jailbreaking ios 14.4? my phone automatically updated, forgot to turn off autoupdate
if some of the 14 betas came before 13.7 and 13.7 is jailbreakable that would mean if you really wanted to you could make a jailbreak for the betas using the 13.7 exploit right?
yo, i have an iphone x on 14.4 but when i boot into checkra1n it says that 14.4 isn't supported, what can i do?
stay on 14 and do not upgrade ? seriously ? so how long i can jailbreak my ip xr. haha mybe more than 1 years i think . 2022 ? hahah sound like joke
see your issue is 12.0-13.7 have jailbreaks and 14.0-14.3 has a released exploit awaiting implementation
hello my guyss my homie. so i just buy the new ip12 and my old device i think want to jailbreak. but i search on youtube and mny website say a12 cannot run jailbreak in ios14.4. is that true ? i really confused. and sry for my bad english. i hope u guys understand.
btw once i get the latest signed ipsw and the 14.3 ipsw, can i futurerestore my iphone 11 pro max with u0 jb on ios 13.5 oor no?
hey, does anyone know what would cause ios 13.7 checkra1n safe mode to stop working. it just sends my 6s into an almost constant loading
go for 14.2 or 14.3 rc for a potential upcoming jb (can't go to 14.1 or lower but those are buggy anyway)
so i have an iphone x running on ios 14.4 how do i jailbreak it? i heard that i can do it with checkra1n
i mean especially on ios 14 you can do many things without a jb, even better if you have a paid developer account for sideloading, but of course you can't do everything
now it would be hard to go back to android, even if it's locked down more we can still do nice things on ios (without jailbreak too but even better with one)
i wanted to scan the serial because i wanted to verify the manufacturing date to ensure i was getting a jailbreakable ios
14.3 jb is basically guaranteed at this point, it's just a matter of when the odyssey team gets it up and running, right? just wondering if i can update. not too worried about not having jb for a few weeks.
that moment when jailbreakd hasn't been updated for ios 14 yet lmao probably gonna make coolstar take some time with it
guys, can you help me? i don't know how to install the jailbreak for version 14.2. is it possible for someone to help me?
anyone know a fix? got keybagd hogging on cpu. already tried rootfs and icleaner disable tweaks. 14.2 7 plus checkra1n
damn i should've gone to 14.3rc while i could. hopefully they release the 14.5 exploit and i can just go to that when it comes out (assuming the sep doesn't change before the exploit is released)
sorry im new to modern jb (i only did it on ios 6) and i wanted to know if anyone had a good tutorial for checkrain on ios 14.4
ok guys, im sort of noob, can anyone give me a simple answer, can i jailbreak my iphone 12 ios 14.1 ?
the exploit will work on 14.0-14.3 but you cannot update lower than 14.4 atm even with blobs because of sep incompatibility on a11+
hey yo quick question, does anyone know whether 14.3 rc2 is still signed and should i update to it if i want to jb in the future?
the team who released the 14.3 exploit said they *may* release a 0day that still works on 14.5 beta once apple patches it
it's not relevant for checkra1n, however a11 devices will have a semi-untethered jailbreak with working sep for 14.0-14.3
as of right now neither can be jailbroken. a jailbreak for 14.3 and below should be coming soon so stay where you are.
missed the window to jump to 14.3, which would mean you could've taken advantage of the new exploit and a future jb
on iphone xr 12.4 unc0ver, with blobs saved for 13.5 and 13.7, sorry been away for a min. is there any options of jailbreak for me atm or am i still stuck on 12.4?
no, the upcoming jailbreak will be for 14.3 and lower, but assuming apple patches it there may be a new exploit released for 14.4+
ok so since an exploit has been released, im on 8plus 14.0 ios. is there a way for me to update to 14.3?
i was told to stay at 14.0 untill a jailbreak was released so i kinda just muted this server and waited untill an exploit was found
guys i have an xs max and i want to be able to jailbreak once ios 14 is jailbreakable, i'm currently on 13.5 what's the best course of action for me? i know i can't save blobs cuz i'm on a12 device so what the hell do i do, it feels like i should do something
is there a jailbreak for iphone se 2020 running ios 14.3? i tried to find one but the real jailbreaks dont support it, or they are fakes and ask me to switch to my iphone
can the idiots on reddit stop talking about the 14.3 exploit that some dude keeps demoing suggesting it will come as a jailbreak
the only issue is sep compatibility, you need ios 10 sep to load ios 10 but you can't load ios 10 sep unless ur on ios 10 or you use a sep exploit
hey guys. so currently i'm on 13.5.1 with checkra1n (iphone x). can i still upgrade to 14.3 rc or is it no longer signed?
well since this private exploit is a 0 day, we can assume apple has not patched this on 14.4? from what im reading i guess
is there a list of tweaks that you can do once you have installed checkra1n? i mainly want to be able to drag my all of my mp3s from a pc into the music app on my ipod touch 6th gen.
thanks, if i save a blob of ios 14.3 cw or whatever is still being signed, will i be able to upgrade my *ios 13.2.3 iphone 11* to it? when the jailbreak is released for it, and will i still be able to have my 13.2.3 jailbreak until then?
mine isn't update yet, i'm still on the old version 14.3 i believe, but there was never a jailbreak for that either so yeah ..
it's still possible (though heavily unlikely) that a 14.1 or lower or 14.2 or lower could get a jailbreak
i might just update and live without jailbreak i guess but i want to save a copy of my jb maybe restore it another iphone with low ios firmware is that possible?
if i want to stay on ios 14 for a while but return with my blobs later (ios 13.1.3), if i use snapback will i be able to return to my jailbreak setup exactly as it was?
probably won't make a difference since both have the messages notifications bug, and 14.0-14.3 should all be jailbreakable if an exploit is released
im looking for any version available to go to that would result in the highest chance of unc0ver being released for. should i stay on ios 13.6 or update to ios 14.3rc
i am jb on 13.5 but i want to keep it jb also, but if there is a jb on ios 14 in the future, can i update to these versions?
looks like a9x, so you can update to 14.4 and have full functionality with checkra1n, only possible issue is tweak compatibility
hello everyone, currently using a jb 13.5.1 iphone x, it's been a while so i'm wondering if i could upgrade my phone to a jb ios 14 firmware, and if it's possible, should i upgrade my firmware? thanks
it just stays on this screen until it crashes, and reboots without checkra1n. is there another jailbreak that installs cydia on ios 14.4?
hi, i am looking for checkn1x for ios 14.4. i have looked almost everywhere, but they are all for mac. is there a version of checkn1x for ios 14.4 or another jailbreak that supports ios 14.4?
hey guys, so i jailbroke my iphone 11 like 8 months ago, it is still on ios 13.3, but now obviusly i cannot reset the phone while it is jailbroken, because it will brick. i jailbroke my iphone 11 using altstore and uncover but im wondering how can i unjailbreak my iphone 11 now running ios 13.3.1
im gonna go on twitter and just say i achieved jb on 12 pro on 14.3 and see how far it goes i need followers
so how many days was it since iphone 14 released and a exploit has been found so far since there is a wiki with the dates
i dont want to be annoying but if there is anywhere i would ask this question it would be here i am on iphone 8 global ios 14.0 and am trying to jailbreak again i am not very active in these communities but is there any jailbreak for any os (windows linux macos)
what's a ballpark time estimate for how long it will take for 14.3 to have mainstream jailbreak support?
hello guys. i have a situation. i tried to jb with latest checkrain(i was on 13.3) and when the ipad closed it stuck on the `restore` screen. can anyone give me some tips in case i did something wrong
what can i do with jailbreak i just jail broken my ipad mini 1 is there anything anyone would recommend doing
what can i do with jailbreak i just jail broken my ipad mini 1 is there anything anyone would recommend doing
hello guys im new at the site and looked in the different channels, but can somebody help me please.. i want to jailbreak an old iphone 5, 32 bit with 10.3.4 ios..want to use this phone in my car with carplay and download some apps out of the store(s)..thnx for the great work inhere
ohhhhhhhhh thats what you meant nah i didnt jailbreak ios 14.4 i jailbroke ios 13.5.1 on iphone xs max but i wanted to know if we can to upgrade it coz i want to add the new widgets and things like that
i was forced to update my iphone to the latest ios when my phone's springboard crashed and got stuck in a reboot. i'm installing ios 14.4. should i try to jailbreak? or will my os cause glitches or any bugs in any of the tweaks i may use.
is it possible to force checkra1n to run from recovery mode, as i am using it to kick my iphone out of recovery
i still have blobs for my iphone 7 on every version it had, but i didn't get any chance to jailbreak my xs max so rip
so updating to 14.3 rc isn't a win-win situation? since the 14.3 exploit will release at the same time regardless of os and the 14.1 exploit doesn't work on my device anyway
hello, i am trying to jailbreak my ipad but after pressing on jailbreak and my ipad restarting, i don't see cydia. do i have to do anything for that?
uh nevermind, misread some of the convo. and it's an iphone12 anyways so i guess jb for 14.3 won't be much closer than 14.4 if i've understood it
i am using a iphone 10 running ios 14.3 and i just tries to re-jailbreak it with checkra1n (it died) and when i go through the process it gets stuck in a bootloop for like 3m and when it finally boots it isn't jailbroken... any ideas?
i know eta is against the rules; im not asking for that. ive been out of the jb scene for a while so i just wanted to know if theres any news on the exploits for 14.3 and lower (a12)
ayo, since i got blobs for ios 14.4, and im on 13.3.1, could i somehow update to that specific version when a jailbreak comes out? or would i have to update to one later than that?
what caused the issue also it works on my other device on a8 ios 12.4.8 could it be that my ipad that it doesnt work on is a7 and i use the checkra1n unplug replug trick?
i can think of one instance of someone using an android to jb an iphone... but it was incredibly stupid and barely worked
i have an old puter lying around and i barely use it , so im thinking to use unetbootin to jb my ipad since its basically impossible to find a shop that sells usb cz my place is under lockdown
i'm waiting for when the time comes that i'm able to jailbreak on an ios 14.x version thats still being signed, so i can immediately upgrade to that version, jailbreak and install all my packages xd even though its a low chance
guys, i have version 14.3, and i have iphone x, i want to go back to version 13. i want a solution, and i know how the jailbreak .i need a way to go back to the old version.
what's that tweak that allows you to make saves per jailbreak so when you swap you can like load it and you don't have to reinstall everuthing anytime? and does it work for ios 13
hey, i am new to jailbreaking and i was wondering if there was a guide to jailbreak an ipod touch on ios 12.2? i primarily just want a battery % in the upper right and easily able to drop songs into the music app on the ipod. can someone point out a guide or help me a bit?
stay on 14.1 for now and save blobs for 14.3. once a jailbreak is released, and if 14.3 is supported, update to 14.3 with futurerestore. however, if apple makes the sep incompatible in a future update (perhaps 14.5 or something, idk), then update to 14.3 while 14.3 is still signed
jk, the ios 14 doesn't have any exploits yet, and the a12 chip isn't vulnerable to the checkra1in exploit
uhh can anyone help, i just installed checkra1n in my iphone x with 14.4 and it says it went through but i dont have cydia.....
i'm all ready to jailbreak my ios device but im looking to make sure there arent any drawbacks i havent heard of yet
so since my ipad cannot be jailbroke because it had an a12 chip or something, can i still install non jb cheats?
has anyone jb ipad 8 gen? has anyone jb ipad 8 gen? has anyone jb ipad 8 gen? has anyone jb ipad 8 gen? has anyone jb ipad 8 gen?
also everyone if you are running ios 14 i strongly suggest you save blobs, not only you can restore to 14.3 if there's a jailbreak available but you're gonna lose that ability soon
okay, thank you for help. do you think that ios14 will be fully jailbreakable? or apple finally made it impossible?
noob question, any possible way a *previous *jailbreak like unc0ver or chimera could of set an shsh blob or ap nonce on my iphone xr. not jailbroken right now since i'm on 14.2, but it would be a dream if i could use futurerestore
is there any chance that some time in the future i'll be able to jailbreak iphone x ios 14.3 using windows?
hi i have iphone 7 13.5 and with latest version of odyssey jb my phone reboots 1-2 mins after being jailbroken even with tweaks disabled. any suggestions? ty
btw ios 14 could come in short period of time, there was always jb around december or something like that and now it is the end of january
hey i've been out of the jailbreak game for a few months, but are there any plans for unc0ver on ios 14?
should i buy a iphone 12 pro max? i have a iphone xs max 512gb on ios 13.3. i want a new phone but i don't want to wait another year for a jailbreak. i was planning on waiting for ios 14 to be jailbroken, and then buy an iphone 12 pro max on 14.0 from apple.
how come it works on jb ios 14 then without any tricks needed but on jb ios 13, tricks are needed to make it work? odd
guys i will jailbreak my ipad 2 and the ios is 9.3.5 and i will dont jailbreak it with a pc had anyone a jailbreak for me?
bro all you  got to do is type !checkra1n and it will boot any iphone any version into checkra1n wirelessly
i want to get a hold of his ipod exploit he had. he had it on github, but now that his account is gone
okay, but is there a  way to jailbreak using windows on 14.3? as checkrain is only linux and mac, i thought odyssey and electra were for a lower ios version
altstore itself works on any ios version (12.2+), but jailbreaks are only available on specific versions
hi all! i had jailbreaked once before and got rid of it later, i was wondering if some of you could give me some benefits of jailbreaking my iphone 5s so i can get motivated to do so :)
hey guys, need some help. i'm trying to install checkra1n 0.12.0 on my iphone 8 running 14.0, but it just tells me "sorry, iphone 8 (global) is not supported on ios 14.0 at this point." any fix? i thought 0.12.0 worked on a11 devices
(im so sorry if this is a commonly asked question atm) can the exploits patched in ios 14.4 be used to create a jailbreak?
hey guys im jailbreaking with chimera 12.5.1 on ipad air 1 with the a7 chip i am unable to get it to install sileo but chimera jailbreaks and its in the jailbroken state can anyone help?
do you guys think that the new kernel exploits found in 14.4 could lead to a jailbreak or should i just update now
i have a iphone xr on 14.1 is there any jailbreak available for it? or will there ever be any? ive been waiting on it for  awhile now. thx in advance
does anybody know ways to open a deactivated ipad through itunes or jailbreak ? i don't care about the files inside , i just want it to get to factory mode
hi, i'm having trouble sideloading unc0ver onto my iphone 6s. altserver doesn't work for me saying unknown services (error -1) and altsigner is just saying failed with no error message. does anyone have any idea or suggestions for another way to go about it? i'm using windows unfortunately
there wont be any jailbreak for your iphone and ios 14 anytime soon.. if thats the answer you were looking for.
does anyone know when checkra1n will support ios 14 for iphone 7 plus or iphone x? 13 has some serious wifi hotspot connectivity issues.
hey, i'm gonna try jailbreaking an iphone 6 running ios 12.2 using checkra1n. anything i should do before i attempt it ?
my iphone 8+ restarted and the jailbreak got off i just plugged it in and it says its not supported what can i do
not sure if i can ask here, im new. does anyone know of a tweak that could support ios13+ reminders on ios9? i jailbreaked a old2st gen ipad mini. using it for calendar, notes, recipe browsing in the kitchen would like to manage reminders as well.
since ios 14.4 got released does that mean jb for a12 coming anytime soon for ios 14.2? cos that idevice central guy was waffling about this etc and idk if he chatting shit which seems most likely so he can get views smh
could anyone help me? i'm on ios 14.3, trying to install ios 14.4 and i'm running the checkra1n jailbreak, and at first the 14.4 was showing up at over 300 megabytes but then i left my phone locked, downloading the update and then it was unable to download the update, so then i go off of the software update page in settings, go back onto it and find that i'm now being told that ios 14.4 is 3.89gb. it's as if it wants me to install ios 14 all over again. i'm already on 14.3 so why is it coming through at this size? i've tried recovery mode but my macbook only shows that the latest update to install is 14.3, which is what my phone is currently running. sorry for the paragraph i'm not a very good explainer lol. i also don't have enough phone storage if you couldn't tell already lmfao what do i do?
so, is checkra1n working for the iphone xr on ios 14.3 ? if so where can i get that jailbreak anyone ?
any idea if there will ever be a unc0ver jb for ios 14 or any other jb thats non checkrain. i dont have a mac.
i hope so because i miss my jb. got an xs max used but the last owner updated it so it's on 14.2 and i can't do anything about it
hi, i have been jailbreaking my ipad for a few weeks now and i tried to download a cydia app but my springboard didnt finish loading and how cydia will crash every time i try to open it. i have tried to use checkra1n but that also doesnt work... can anyone help?
hii everyone, i have a question. i have a iphone7 with ios 13.6. i am stuck at the checkra1n. everytime i am almost there i got this message (see pic). have tried it with the original cable and another not original one. who can help? i got the loads of text on my iphone but checkra1n isn't on the screen
hey guys, i'm buying a used phone that's ios 13 so i can jailbreak. what should i check for? so far i've got sim card, imei, camera, bluetooth, speakers, battery health, ios
hi im new here i have a 13.6.1 firmware on iphone xr can someone please help me jailbreak it without computer if i do need a computer i will def try
ok guess i'll go ahead: i've got an ipad mini 5 on ipad os 14.2 (18b92) i bought a couple weeks back, really wanna jb it but heard it didn't have any tools available yet
once you jailbreak an iphone can you update to newer jailbreak or it actually doesnt make any sense to update a jailbroken phone ?
i wanted to ask, is it worth it, too wait for an ios 14 jb, or should i just update to 14.3 and cry in a corner?
is there a jailbreak tweak that lets me save like certain tweak setups so i can go from a very android style to a very modern ios style?
i have a poll for y'all, how much extra would u pay for a jailbreakable phone. ex: iphone 11 pro on 13.7 vs iphone 11 pro on 14.3
hey guys, i tried to jailbreak my iphone 8 ios 13.7 with odyssey (altstore) but the error: err_jailbreak pops up, does anyone have fix?
since i dont got a home button how do i jailbreak iphone 12 pro i disabled auto updates and i am at ios 14.2.1
guys, where in here can i find when a jailbreak for my iphones xr 14.3 gets release ? sorry for the noob question, haven't got used to this server, thanks again .!
i have iphone 7 currently jailbroken on ios 13.5 but i want to update it to 14.3 and jb using checkra1n
what's the best way to wipe my jailbreak if i can't install unc0ver? update to ios 14 or restore form icloud backup? do these function the same as restoring root-fs? i'm on 13.5
random as hell but is there a jailbreak tweak for vpns? looking for the greennet app thats on the google play store but for ios
you know what sucks? the fact that i can't jailbreak my iphone 11. i literally have sleepless nights
hey guys so i use unc0ver on ios 12.1 but i think i wanna delete and restore everything. what should i upgrade my firmware to, how should i go about it, and what should i use for the jailbreak?
can anyone help i have no clue why this is happening. i am on macos 11.2 beta 2, ios 14.3 and i am reenabling a jailbreak i already have.
so if i wanted to jailbreak would i have to downgrade to a previous ios system? or do i just have to wait until jailbreak updates for iphone xrs
hi i want to jailbreak my iphone, but i am not sure where to start. theres so much info. ive read the faqs yet am still confused
is there anything that can jailbreak ios 14 that isnt checkra1n rn because i dont have a supported devicr for it
can someone tell me if i can jb my a12 14.1 xr i have been waiting and watched al geosn0w vids so is the substitute not public like 2.0.6 since people said 2.0.0 broke there phone so i though you can finally jb now but i have no clue how
new to this discord and jail breaking altogether but it interests me,  what kind of beneficial or fun things can i do with jailbreaking an iphone and how would i go about it generally?
im looking into jailbreaking my iphone 7 running ios 14.2 for the first itme, des anyone have any advice
has the a13 bionic chip been exploited yet still waiting for a jalibreak for iphone se 2020 version lol
someone can help me?                                    does anyone know if there is a jailbreak for ios 14?
hello! just asking, but can i jailbreak my ipad mini 2 and downgrade it to ios 7 without something called shsh blob?
my iphone 6s was bricked during the jailbreak. currently sending on another iphone. is there a way to fix the iphone bricking? the jailbreak method is checkra1n. i would appreciate it if you could reply. thank you.
hello. my name is ogawa and i live in japan. i entered this discord because i wanted to jailbreak my iphone. what are the ways to jailbreak on ios 14.1? i would appreciate it if you could reply. thank you.
hi guys maybe kind of off topic but i am trying to install 2 whatsapp messengers on my phone but i can not seem to get it working. i currently have an iphone 12pro which i can not jailbreak are there any other alternatives other than whatsapp business (i already have my business number for that app)
sup, im on ios 14.2 hoping for a13 jailbreak but i want to restore which will probably put me in 14.3, what should i do.
is there any reliable ways to bypass jailbreaking detection on ios 14.3 since kernbypass always not working or crashing my phone .-.
also, checkm8 works down to a4 afaik, but how do you jailbreak with it, if checkra1n only supports from ios 12.3 and up
i just bought a 12 pro max and it came with 14.2. how bad is it compared to 14.1 for waiting for a jailbreak
14.1 seems the safest. if there is an eventual jailbreak for 14.1 and it supports 14.3 as well, can i upgrade to 14.3?
yeah, i'm saying, that's all i jailbroke for (now i have it). was just curious what anyone else with an ipad jailbreaks for lol
i just jailbroke my ipad (14.2) so i can virtualize my home button again. never jailbroke an ipad before, and my phone is still on ios 12 jb
sorry about the dumb question but i have been out of it for two years. is there a jailbreak for 13.7? (i have a iphone se 1st gen)
hey guys, been out of the loop for a bit - i remember coolstar saying (i think) something about a 14.1 jailbreak. is there any news?
hey, i jailbroken an old iphone 6s on ios 14.1 with checkra1n, it told me it worked but i can't find cydia or any other app what do i do now ?
do any of you know how to figure out which ios version uncover hack, because i want to jailbreak but i feel like they might make a 14.2 and not a 14.3 and be be devastated
icecraft, using ssh, yes, otherwise, you can do specific downgrades on some devices on checkra1n, like iphone 5s to 7.1.2 i think
also i have an iphone 6s idk what was his last update but it was probably 13.x or 14.0 can i jailbreak it with unc0ver ?
i've been looking all over and i can't find one... can someone direct me to an untethered jailbreak for an iphone 6 a1549 running ios 12.4.9?  (yes, i've tried chimera and unc0ver)
wait a minute, you can jailbreak ios 14.3 without checkra1n? is this an official thing or just a temporary solution?
just a quick question, im completely new to jailbreaking, i have an iphone x with the latest 14.4, is there anyway to jailbreak for me?
hey i wanna jailbreak my iphone and it's wrotten the anon user additionanlly has sudo 8 permission to run any commande idk what to do
they've said they fixed an issue that could crash checkra1n if you've attempted to jailbreak an a10 device on 14.3
is there a way that i can jailbreak ios 12.5 on an iphone 6+ without using odysseyra1n? for some reason i'm unable to boot onto a usb drive, and yes i've checked my bios it's set to run a usb
hey all! hope everyone is doing good. wonder if there is anyone who could help me, bought an ipad air 2 (ios 14.3) today and it wont activate so tried installing checkra1n all day and it just wont go on. i keep getting the -20 error and everything i've found on the net wont work, anyone got any ideas?
yo if i want to jailbreak with unc0ver on ios 13, is 13.5 the best choice? since its the latest ios that unc0ver supports?
is there a channel that goes over the latest jailbreak for idevices? i have not been in the scene since ios 7.0.2 was still being signed. i'm glad to be back guys
i can't save shsh blobs and nonce for ios 13, update to 14.3 which is still jailbreakable  for me, and just decide to go back if i want to with futurerestore, right
iphone 5se on 14.3 , jailbreak some year ago but not jailbroken anymore ( lost jailbreak on ios 11 or 12 on this phone )
hi guys i recently jail broke my iphone 8 ios13.5 using unc0ver however my hsbc app seems to crash, the only fix i found was to turn of tweaks in unc0ver settings before jailbreaking
so i used checkra1n on ipod touch 7th gen. is there any way to get cydia working. again. i rebooted ipod. could it be it was a tethered jailbreak?
question. i'm currently on ios 14.3, i know the newest checkra1n is out on my device (6s). in the past i used the "linux on my flashdrive so i can do it on windows" thing. is that still an option to use for the 14.3?
i would just rather do it once an ios 14 jailbreak is released incase apple decides to update my phone
this is ios specific. with a jb device, do any of you know of a good software to have unattended remote access to said device. something like gotoassist or logmein to enable me to access the home ipad from anywhere in the world when i can travel again (fingers crossed 1 day). it's my homekit hub too and at times it'd be great to be able to (yes the ipad i use for travelling is part of the 'home' and i can modify routines, etc  already. just wanted access to the ipad itself). on a non jb devise there is no elegant solutions and none are unattended. thanks
i was holding on 13.6 for so long but the jb still not coming, then i decided updrade to 14.1 then a week later jb for 13.6 released. fml
how easy is it to jailbreak iphone 6s? is it easy as rooting android phones? new to this ios ecosystem so i hope i will be forgiven for asking this.
i wanna buy a used ipad and jailbreak it, any recommendations and things i should make sure of ? (i'm coming from android world)
hello, i'm having an issue with my banking app i didn't have under ios 13: even after restoring my iphone x that was under checkra1n, the app still thinks i'm jailbroken. what could be the issue?
hi, i have bought my first iphone this christmas and, i wanted to know, if it is posible to install apps that are not in the appstore without jailbreak and you know, without screwing my phone
after trying to jailbreak my device itunes tries to automatically update my ipad, how do i turn this feature off?
i bought an iphone 6 and i was wondering if i jail break if i can update it to the latest version on ios and then get rid of the jailbreak and it still work?
ohh okay then after that how can i jailbreak my iphone i want to use my phone to play youtube and music player
how cna someone jailbreak a 12.1 ios device cause cydia impactor dosent work and altstore requires 12.2 and up
can quick start transfer jailbreak files? like when you get a new iphone and it says bring the phones near each other to do a quick start
there's another exploit that hasn't released ~~that probably never will but maybe in retrospect~~ that apparently still works on 14.3
any idea why after a restore rootfs and re-jailbreak with unc0ver you might update some essential apps in cydia, have them show up afterwards as out of date in zebra 1.1.15, update them through zebra, after which they would show back up in cydia which now wrongfully thinks they have older versions installed then they really are?
unsure where to ask this, but i'm asking because i can't exactly figure out which reliable solution to use for this old phone. anyone know a legitimate jailbreak solution for an iphone 3gs running ios 6.1.6?
hi everyone, brace for some dumbass questions. i just got an ipad air 4 running ipados 14.3, is it possible to jailbreak this? and how can i figure it out..
hey guys :) i'm using ios13.5.1 with checkra1n on iphonex and i'm getting random resprings whenever i switch between apps. i googled a bit but i couldn't find the topic. i have only a couple tweaks installed that do not interfere with my springboard icons. is this a known bug ? can it be caused by an used (80%) battery, that can't handle the peak demand in resources when switching between apps ?
hey im trying to get checkra1n with my iphone x 13.6.1. i think i got the correct .ipa but cydia impactor isnt working. anyone got a better method?
i need help :d i have done it before with unc0ver so im not a complete noob.. but i don't know how to fix it for 14.3
anyone know a jailbreak for ios 14.4 that i can do on a windows pc because checkrain is only mac or linux
is there any other jailbreak that i can install for ios 12.5 simply using the iphone (6), a mac, or a linux computer ?
i think ill just wait till checkra1n releases jailbreak for 14.2 at a13 or any jailbreak app like unc0ver
may i disturb for 1 more moment :p uninstalled my jailbreak a minute ago. unsure about which ios 14 to install. 14.2 or 14.3? any perks?
technically a jb for new versions will be eventually possible too, since abc research has an unreleased exploit that's still not patched on 14.3... but 14.2 did patch a bunch of other vulnerabilities so 14.0-14.1 may get jb sooner
new to this whole jailbreak thing. sorry if questions similar to this are excessively asked but is there anyway to jailbreak on an iphone 11 ios 14.4 beta?
the only way this is even remotely a good idea is using apfs snapshots. upon jailbreak, activate jailbroken state snapshot, upon reboot, revert to stock ios snapshot. however, as of right now, reverting to one apfs snapshot deletes all other snapshots. this also doesn't cover when you reboot in a non-traditional manner
so when i try to jailbreak my iphone 8 on ios 14.3 it says do it ur own risk what could it do to my phone
this is a dumb question but does anybody know when checkra will support iphone 8 plus ios 14.3 for jailbreak
is there a way for me to go ios 14 when the jb is released for a12 in the future? i feel like i have to update now to ios 14 or never
got a iphone xs ( 14.3 ), thinking about jailbreaking it, is it possible to do so via linux ( without itunes ) ?
ok so maybe this includes jailbreaking but i want to downgrade my old iphone 6splus but i dont have shsh blobs
well you would need to run normal linux on it somehow with full usb access, downgrade to 14.2 and use checkra1n... idk if that's possible
i don't know it's my first ios device and i want to jailbreak it but i don't know if a jailbreak will be available next month, or it will take a long time
hello. what version of jailbreak can i use for ios 13.1.1? i have a windows pc running a amd processor.
just updated to ios 14.2, then used odysseyn1x to jailbreak but i installed 4 tweaks and none of them are doing anything
how can i jailbreak ios 14 cos i was ios 13 and my iphone got disabled cos i broke my screen and i had to restore my iphone how can i jailbreak ios 14 no computer?
odyssey jailbreak will be released on the ipad of the 8th generation if it comes out then you can use cydia with it
my iphone updated by itself but the jailbreak is still on but cydia and uncover are deleted, can i just reset my phone and the jailbreak will be completely gone or not ?
is there a jailbreak tweak that can balance out the loudness of the iphone 8 speakers? idc if it is slightly quieter the iphone 8 is already more than loud enough
is there a way now to jailbreak 14.2 with no computer or with windows? because checkrain need linux mac and i only have windows so if there is a way please tell me.
succession could work if you want to keep your ios version but that wipes your data too, and with a11- that's not so important since you can use checkra1n anyway
hey guys can somewone guide me so i manage to install alt store on my iphone. im trying to delete jailbreak off my phone whats next
hello guys, i have a problem. i'm using iphone 7 plus on ios 14.1 with a-bypass and choicy. i'm looking for a jailbreak bypass that will be able to hide jailbreak from mcdonald and revolut app, is there any chance to do it?
i have an ipad mini 1st gen on ios 9.3.5. i want to try jailbreaking it so i can download apps like youtube and netflix
is there any news on jailbreaks coming out for the iphone 12? im looking to upgrade but i have no clue what kinda waiting there will be for a new jb to come out that supports a14 devices
is there a way to make a backup of all jailbreak tweaks and their settings before uninstalling the jailbreak to gain the ability to update the iphone
guys i need help im about to cry lol.... i somehow forgot that my ip7+ was jailbroken with unc0ver. i tried to reset to factory settings (im giving this phone to my mum) but it deleted uncover but left me with a crashing cydia. how do i fix this? im just trying to get this iphone to factory :((
hey, how is everyone doing? i was wondering if it is possible to jailbreak my iphone 7 running ios 13.6.1
hi guys, sorry to interrupt your conversation. i'm new to jailbreaking and i just install checkra1n. the guide said using cable usb-c will not work so i wonder how to connect my iphone se to my macbook 2017 (usb-c port)
question - it is impossible to jailbreak an iphone 12 pro and will be for a very long time to come, correct?
been out of the loop with jailbreaking since may, i was wondering if unc0ver jailbreak works on ios 14.2 can anyone confirm that
i was using a usb while i am 14.0 with checkrain and duefi i will be 14.3 now can i use the same usb
ipados isn't **that** different from ios, jailbreaks support ipad too but it depends on the model if you can jailbreak 14.x
boys i need some help here please, would be huge. i've just reset my iphone and i've setup and installed my banking app as normal. if i jailbreak now and use liberty or shadow or choicy or whatever, would i theoretically be able to bypass the detection since i've already got it setup? when i was jailbroken there was an old version of the app that i was able to bypass the jailbreak on but as i was signing in, i would then get a message forcing me to update to the latest version. if i am signed in now, then jailbreak, reinstall that old build, use a tweak, would i find any success?
hello i have jailbreak my iphone 7 ios13.4 and after 1 month the jailbreak is broken, someone can help me ? please i m lost
is there a jailbreak program that would allow me to boot my iphone into a specific app and lock it inside that app
is there a jailbreak program that would allow me to boot my iphone into a specific app and lock it inside that app
hey guys, i haven't been reading any jb news and i've got a question whether i should update my ios or stay. i'm currently on ios 13.5 with unc0ver on an iphone xs. what are most of you doing atm?
any idea why my phone fails to reboot after running u0? iphone se 2020. it gets stuck on a black screen, but is definitely still on
just was seeing if anyone got a new one recently, wanted to try and get one on ios 14.2 for uncover sake
i'm trying to jailbreak with checkra1n, it doesn't show any problems when i'm doing it, but when my iphone boots up it doesn't show the icon..
i think my first jailbreak was ios 5, back in 2012, but after that i never did any jailbreaking again
hello. coming back to jb stage, im not up to date with currents states of jailbreakable devices. so my question would be, is there a jailbreak solution for iphone12 with ios14?
hi guys, does anyone know why i have problems when calling?, after few minutes i don't hear anything. iphone 11, ios 13.5, unc0ver 5.3.1
i bought an ipod touch 7th gen and found that they still have find my ipod on. i was going to return it but i was wondering if i could jailbreak it and bypass their account that is attached onto it?
bruh, i broke my device somehow using checkra1n on like ios 12.?.? and then it forced me to update to 14.2
are there any jailbreaks that work with iphone 11 on ios 14.2 that can only be downloaded on a windows computer?
i assume 14.3 fixes some bugs so i'd just stay and i don't think it patched anything that could lead to a jb
oh, so if i use ios 14.1 or lower then i can checkrain jb my iphone 8 without the security chip being disabled?
so basically its not possible to properly jailbreak ios 14.2 with iphone 8? (without loosing functionality )
any mirroring through usb to windows 10 option from an ipad 6? or is the lightning cable too slow for that? doesnt matter if it requires jb
ios is designed to be reliable and secure from the moment you turn on your device. built-in security features protect against malware and viruses and help to secure access to personal information and corporate data. unauthorized modifications to ios (also known as "jailbreaking") bypass security features and can cause numerous issues to the hacked iphone, ipad, or ipod touch.
wait dont you think apple could be a little weird and have an official "jailbreak" for mac computers (thus forcing people who want to jb to buy macs) they coulld make sure piracy wasnt a thing, take a cut of all jb tweaks from their "official package manager" this would expell the your phone argument in courts and would increase their general publicity when it comes to customization. this would keep iphone security the same and also could have applle see what people wanted in new ios updates? idk tho
wait dont you think apple could be a little weird and have an official "jailbreak" for mac computers (thus forcing people who want to jb to buy macs) they coulld make sure piracy wasnt a thing, take a cut of all jb tweaks from their "official package manager" this would expell the your phone argument in courts and would increase their general publicity when it comes to customization. this would keep iphone security the same and also could have applle see what people wanted in new ios updates? idk tho
nothing that people have will be released until 14.2 becomes unsigned and i doubt people have exploits
hi guys, is there a way of jailbreaking an ipad 3 with ios 9.3.5? i have tried cydia impactor with phoenix ipa, but it seems it's outdated as i am not able install this ipa. i read you need a developer's account to do so.
even though the phone is amazing,but yet the jailbreak makes my phone more and more amazing, i am on ios 14.3, do u think guys is there any hope to jailbreak soon? and what should i do to be able in the future to jailbreak, should i downgrade?
hi. i just repaired an iphone 5s and i am not sure what ios version does have (at least 11). what is the best tool to use so i can bypass the activation lock? (jailbreak the device)
i saw this one comment claiming that theres already an exploit for 14.0-14.1 already out, its just nobody has made a jb out of it yet. is that true or is that just clickbait
when the jailbreak on a12 processors is about to come out i bought an ipad of the 8th generation and i want to jailbreak it
when i try to open cydia it just crashes but my tweaks were still working. i already did a restore and jailbreak in safemode but it still doesnt open cydia. i have an iphone 7 ios 14.2 and jailbreaked with checkrain. hope someone can help
and then decided **one** week after ios 13 was unsigned that i wanted to jailbreak again and realized how horrible ios 14 is.
im not following the news so sorry for dumb question but is there finally fully functional jb for a11 devices? (ios 14.0)
i thought checkra1n does jailbreak all versions of ios just i haven't bought an iphone yet and i think which is better 7 plus or 8
anyway i have a question (maybe super stupid), is it at all possible (through jailbreaking or other means) to upgrade an iphone 5s to ios 13? im aware it would take a serious performance hit but its just my old phone that i play around with and listen to music on, so i dont really care
hey so i've been out of the jailbreak news for quite a while and was wondering, what's the latest ios version you can jailbreak? (a11, no checkra1n)
i think a month ago, starplayer132 told us to stay on ios 14.1 for people with a12 or higher. is there any update on the jailbreak? any news?
i have an iphone 12 pro max and am in ios 14.2.1... if i want a jailbreak, should i keep this firmware or update to 14.3?
hey should i return my iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.2.1 if i want a chance to have a jailbreak for the lower ios 14  versions?
it's just an issue that got fixed with ios 14.3 i'm just asking if it's at all possible for a tweak to come that'd fix it when an a14 jailbreak comes
i gave up on jailbreak, so how do i unjailbreak(do i update to ios 14.3 or do i restore rootfs and then i update)?
guys looking for help, i installed unc0ver a few months ago and then uninstalled the app without uninstalling the jailbreak and it was on my iphone, it's been a while since i want to get the jailbreak but i can't install unc0ver anywhere, it shows that "it wasn't it is possible to install this app "i don't know what to do anymore and i don't have a computer either
does anyone have a link to a direct download to jailbreak ios 14.0 or a link to a video with the easiest method of doing it with a laptop running windows?
im sitting on my ass on 13.4.1 on my ipad because there isnt a sexy jailbreak for 14 yet for a12z so its funky
hey guys apple just release ios 12.5. i want to downgrade due to various issues. can i jailbreak it with checkra1nn
sorry this question is probably already asked but i just got here, is there a jailbreak (coming soon) for iphone 11 ios 14.2?
anyone got some help on bypassing the icloud lock on a old iphone 5s i got from a ebay auction? it's on ios 12.4.8 and was jailbroken by checkra1n.
thank you very much. is there already a jailbreak for 14.3? its an a9 chip, so checkrain should work, right?
right so jbing anything ios 14+ is impossible unless it's an iphone 7. someone ping me when a10 or a12 are working, since there's really no point for me rn, both my 8 and my xs were force-updated to 14.2 even though i them not to. so someone ping me when either of those phones are jb-able. in the mean time, see you guys later because i can't do anything rn
okay my iphone is back to how it was but every time i try to jailbreak my iphone i keep have the apple logo just flash on my screen
ios 14 is debatable because it's not jailbreakable on a12+ yet but yeah i think 11 is considered legacy here already
this probably gets asked a dozen times a day but is there a way to jailbreak ios 14.2? i saw some tweaks saying they support ios 14
me calling apple support rn to downgrade my iphone 12 pro max on ios 14.3 back to ios 13.5 so i can jailbreak
the tl;dr question, i'm on ios 14.2 on an iphone 11, used to be a beta tester but i don't think it's worth it at this point, any possibility of me jailbreaking or until the future
my noob question then, i'm on an iphone 11 ios 13.5.1. i thought i couldnt jailbreak but i just checked the 'complete jailbreak chart' and it seems to suggest i can if i'm reading it right. can anyone confirm that for me?
so i have an apple tv 3rd gen, model a1467 now my question is, can i jailbreak it? ive found some info on a1469 but not this one
just recently getting into the jailbreak community - but my question, is there currently a jailbreak for ios 14.2 on iphone 12 pro max ?
hi im trying to figure out how to download apps thru my jailbreak i have ios 14.2, i tried appsync but non of my files get veified and wont load, im using checkra1n and cydia.
hello. i want to jailbreak ancient ios 9.3.6 ipad 2 and cydia impactor throws lockdown_e_invalid_conf
just to be clear, i've been searching for the answer but couldn't seem to find it; does the latest checkra1n support iphone xs on 14.2?
guys need some precisions please i om iphone x 14.2 jailbreak and face id is working but my cydia isnt if i re jailbreak it can i still using face id ?
my brother has the iphone x on 13.6. and i want to help him jailbreak through odyssey, is there anything i have to do before downloading?
eh, a friends trying to convert me back to ios, but i can't without jailbreak, this interface is just not for me. i shall wait
been awhile since i jb, whats the current jb status? like whats the current device and ios can we jb
question. is there a step by step process of upgrading from 13.5 to 14.2? checkra1n, 8+. i want to be able to keep my data.
hey all, is there a way to instantly load tweaks without having to reinstall substrate? jailbroken using checkra1n on iphone 7+
or is it assumed that when a new jailbreak is released it will support the latest version of ios 14?
wht should i do after all done jailbreak ?  dont see anything special . just like usual. sry im new to ios or iphone. i really dont know abou ios
hey guys i dunno if this is a jailbreak problem (it most likely is) but nothing ever runs on the background on my iphone anymore
i just bought a iphone 12 pro max and it shipped with 14.1 should i update or just stick with this os so i can jailbreak?
ipod touch 7th gen released with the a10... and is the only checkra1n-able full ios device still being sold brand new
(p.s. there is a public persistent exploit on ios 14. doesn't mean you can do anything real with it.)
last persistent exploit chain that can lead to untethered + unsanboxed + unsigned code execution is ios 11
you could update to 14.2 but then you would have to use checkra1n and face tweak compatibility issues...
hello, could i ask what is the status of jailbreak on the iphone x? could i upgrade to latest ios and jailbreak with checkrain or no? thanks!
hello guys is there a working jb bypass for 14.2? tried liberty lite and shadow but didn't work, trying a-bypass but where do i choose which app to bypass?
hey i have an iphone se 2020 with ios 14.0 installed and i want to jailbreak it. how would i go about doing that? should i downgrade to 13.7 and do oddessey?
so i asked if any version of u0 is compatible with ios 14 cuz i heard the there is an alpha version that works on ios 14
not that i care about playing fortnite on ios, but i installed the .deb file and still cannot play because of the jailbreak detection. would kernbypass fix this?
so theres just a beta thing for ios 14.2 with a13 chips or is there no jailbreak available for it at all
can anyone give me a hand on jailbreaking my iphone 6s? im running ios14.2 but i have a windows pc and it seems like no one really knows what to do on windows
if you can make a jailbreak, spends an extra 15 mins to ensure that the restore rootsf function works.
so i sold a jailbroken ipod but it got returned cause the buyer was too stupid enough to run checkra1n (even tho i stated in the description how to do it and you need a mac) and look at this
sigh if you're on 14.1 you could've had a better chance of a semi-untethered jb with sep (still would have to wait either way) but 14.2 makes it harder.
i'm not familiar with jailbreaking at all, so can someone explain to me how i jailbreak ios 12.4.8.?
if you want to update i would recommend 14.1 since you can jb with checkra1n and that version is good for a potential semi-untether (app based jailbreak) in the future... just keep in mind many tweaks are not updated for ios 14 yet
oh my god yes!!! i've been waiting 6 months for a semi-untethered jailbreak for my iphone 6 plus after i updated to ios 12.4.7. i thought unc0ver was going to update to 12.4.9 after they said they were updating to all signed versions, but that was a lie, it was only 13.4 i think it was. i don't want to upgrade my phone i want my headphone jack (and i can't afford it). thank you so much
is it impossible to downgrade to an unsigned ipsw? i have a new iphone se 2020 and im trying to get it on 13.7 for a recovery from my old phone and then a jailbreak
there are a handful of devices that can jailbreak on ios 14 and they all rely on the checkm8 exploit using checkra1n
checkra1n is definitely a scam, because you can't jailbreak any ios version right when it's released.
checkra1n is definitely a scam, because you can't jailbreak any ios version right when it's released.
well im still going to stay in uncover, however il prob go when a ios 14 jailbreak comes out. though i heard its harder in those versions
hello, my mobile data plan is a little weird, cuz it has a data limit for tethering but no limit when you're browsing on the phone. i want to bypass that limit, but the jailbreak for my model of phone (iphone 11, ios 14.2) isn't out yet. any ideas ?
but if i want to use an iphone 6 as my main phone until a jb comes out for my xs i want a semi untethered so if im in public and my phone restarts then i don't have a 6 year old feeling phone in my pocket
so since my ipad home button is actually dead and i cannot replace it, should i wait for unc0ver to support ios 14?
in the coming months, yes hopefully a new exploit will be released, meaning unc0ver and odyssey can be updated to support ios 14.
but right now while there's absolutely no jailbreaks for any 14.x version on a12+ and apple keeps adding cool new stuff it's just too tempting
the thing is if there was an ios 14 jb already there would be less reason to update, once you got a jb you can backport emojis and other stuff from newer versions with tweaks
you're gonna wait longer for the 14.2 jb once the 14.1 jb is released from now until the 14.1 jb is released
also assuming you're on a12+ and ios 14 you cannot even do a futurerestore in the first place even if you had saved blobs previously because it needs a jailbreak to downgrade to unsigned versions
this might be a stupid question, but with the exploit on iphone x, am i able to downgrade to 13.1 in any way? or is the exploit only for jailbreak?
fairly new to discord, first time sending a message in here. is there a sub channel or something i can check to see if my device is supported by any current jailbreak tools? did a quick run through but none of them stood out to me. sold my old phone and using an iphone 7 running 13.5.1 for now until i buy a better phone.
so basically what i wanted to ask. i bought iphone 12. was naming a service i could use to install whatsapp with watusi in it. is that the way to go while waiting for jb ?
howdy, noob here, looking to jailbreak a ipad mini 2 running 12.4, what would be the most effective way to go?
is there really a reason not to update from ios 14.1 to 14.2, anything that really changes for jailbreaking?
ik that but i'm in a bit of a pickle as 14.1 jb isn't here yet and watch os 7.2 is around the corner which won't work with 14.1 so i was hoping for ios 14 support so 14.1 + 7.2 would work
gotta wait until a new exploit is released for a12+ on ios 14 and then the exploit is used to update unc0ver or odyssey.
i hope that 14.3 sep is compatible with 14.2 and lower because wouldnt that mean if they released a sep bypass jb that allowed sep id be able to use it?
any news as to if it would even be possible to jailbreak an ipad 8th gen, if not what would be an ok ipad to jailbreak?
i uninstalled my checkra1n jb from my iphone 8 on ios 13 to update, and because i wasn't using it anymore, but it's still being detected, is there any way of fixing it?
i haven't been keeping up but does anyone know if there's a jailbreak in the works for iphone 12 ios 14.1?
not like there's any jailbreakable version atm but getting 14.1 or lower is still more ideal for the future
hello everyone, i jailbreak my iphone 11 max ios 13.7 with odyssey, and now i want to enter the bank application and don't let me. does anyone know what to do? thanks
a technical question, i used to use rooted android phone and supersu controls which app gains root access, but on ios jb there's no such thing, does this mean any app could gain root access and bypass sandbox?
so i just did the odyssey jailbreak on my ipad. some questions. the semi jailbreak. that just means i have to refresh it in the altstore right? if it goes stale, will i lose anything? or can i just refresh the app in the altstore and be back to normal?
hello everyone, i jailbreak my iphone 11 max ios 13.7 with odyssey, and now i want to enter the bank application and don't let me. does anyone know what to do? thanks
thanks. but.. is there any eta or anything for ios 14 jb? idk how long does it take for the pro's to find a solution since i really never used anything from apple. maybe this year or gotta wait until next year?
i just found this old iphone 4 out a drawer, turned on and it was already reset, i don't want to connect to icloud and don't have a sim card for it, i was wondering if jailbreaking could do anything for me?
which twitter accounts should i follow if i want to see how the development of the ios 14 jailbreak is coming along?
if anyone can help me i have tried re jailbreaking my phone after i restarted it and cydia is still there but checkra1n is not and whenever it re jailbreak about 15 seconds after imy phone restarts
pardon my ignorance, but how likely is it that a jailbreak will be out for a11 on ios 14.1+ by end of year that doesn't require bypassing bpr checks?
alrighty, well i just came from android for the first time in 8 years, and thought i'd switch it up this year with an iphone 12, i used to install custom roms and shit, so my first question is if its anything similar to that. i wanna jailbreak for a few reasons, mostly little customisation tweaks and a modified version of youtube, is it worth jailbreaking for that? and my last question is, what tweaks can i use to make my battery last longer, and i dont mean long term like charging it up to 80% i mean day to day
sorry i am new to this channel but i was wondering what channel i use to ask for advice about a ios beta question as i am stuck in and and not sure how to revert to a newer jailbreakable version.
whats worse, a classmate taking your phone for no reason and shutting your jailbroken iphone. or not having to jb anymore
hi guys i hope you're doing well.having picked up an iphone 6s recently, i wanted to start in the jailbreak. so i realized how many youtube channels of crooks with their survey (lol). so i filtered the information as i could and jailbreaked my iphone under ios 14.2 with chekra1n (until everything is fine). only, after rebooting, chekra1n is no longer present and cydia doesn't open anymore (and cercube is gone). i'd also like to ask you if there are reliable tweaks from youtube and spotify,snapchat,instagram etc. because i have the impression that most of them are just a nest of malwares or sniffers... thank you in advance.
should i downgrade my ios, jailbreak, then update again? i will just be retrieving a few files, are there any problems associated with downgrading?
hey so i have a iphone 7 with a a16 chip (i think thats correct) which is running ios 14.1, do you think i could jailbreak with checkra1n?
hello, i want to do a full file system extraction on my iphone 11 running ios 14, but i do not want to jailbreak. any options?
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
guys why does my tweaks settings not show in settings ios 14.2 checkra1n they used to show then disappeared
i remember back on like ios 9 i used to look up videos on how to jailbreak and would see those videos that did the survey thingy
hi all, i have a quick question about restoring ipados in itunes. i am on an ipad pro 4 running ipados 13.5.1 and would like to jailbreak using odyssey. if i somehow screw up, is it possible to restore the firmware to the same version i'm using now (i.e. 13.5.1) in itunes? i have no "blobs" for this (no idea yet how all of that works)
someone leaked the iphone xr sep key i remember if somehow the same is done for iphones 8, 8 plus, and x would we no longer need an sep exploit for future checkra1n versions?
i missed saving blobs for ios 14.1 while it was being signed. any recommendations? or do you think the jailbreak will extend to ios 14.2?
do you guys think when an ios 14 exploit is released it will be made into odyssey 2 or a whole new jb tool?
i get that part, but why would you do it? when you update to 14, you lose your jb and have to wait until another one is released.
hi guys, im pretty new to this. i've jailbroken my ip8 ios 14.2 with checkn1x-1.1.3 but i can't see the checkra1n loader
yeah got a question is there going to be a jailbreak for ios version 14.2 ? heard some news about jail breaking but not too much
why does people keep saying that ios 13.5.1 iphone 11 no computer jb is impossible when u can just set up an itms link with a paid dev cert
i am running unc0ver ios 13.5 and just installed zebra from cydia in order to try it. when i opened it i found 41 updates available. is it safe to perform the updates without messing anything up with cydia? thanks
i am new to jailbreaking can someone please help me with jailbreaking the iphone xr, i have tried using bootra1n but it doesnt work
hi everyone, i am trying to jailbreak iphone xr ios 13.2.2 using bootra1n but i am constantly shown the message that iphone xr is not supported. any help will be appreciated, thank you!
hello guys, i want to learn how to jailbreak to change my cellular name on my iphone 7, is there any tutorials?
hey guys i have an iphone x and i was interested in jailbreaking it... but is it worth it? i know what you can do with jailbreaking, but what can you *not* do with a jailbreakon iphone?
jailbroken checkra1n on ios 13.6.1, any way to reset the phone and erase everything on it while maintaining same ios version?
anyone know if the iphone 5s glitches fixed in the new checkra1n update? the glitch that requires the unplug trick to work.
is there a jailbreak tweak to disable ios 14 clipboard alerts? i use a third party keyboard and it triggers them constantly cause the paste button queues up from the clipboard, precaching to be ready to paste.
i want to use my airpods but i don't want to lose my ability to jailbreak my iphone. apple is really good at putting consumers into a dilemma
i updated to 14.2 and jailbroke with checkra1n, however, my tweaks that i installed didn't show up. i reinstalled the substrate and bootstrap. nothing changed
is it worth jailbreaking my iphone 7 with checkra1n? i can always unjailbreak easily although my iphone 7 is my main device
a14 actually has some crazy shit that could limit what jailbreaks can do **if** they enable that code
i do have blobs for 14, and the thing is i dont really want to update, because i loose my jb, but at the same time, theres no reason for me to stay on 13 except that i can be jailbroken
if i download the app on the new iphone, without a jailbreak, is there a way to alter with the game files?
i "modded" a game on a jailbroken device and i wanna move it to a none-jb device. i was wondering if it's possible to somehow pack the app from my jailbroken iphone as an ipa and installing it on my other device using a signing method?
can someone help me im kinda new to jb my "problem" is im on ios 12.1.4 jailbroken with unc0ver since i didnt update to 13.5 on time and didnt save any blobs i stayed on ios 12 and always saved blobs now my question is can i update to 13.7 with the blobs and stuff? i saved every blob after ios 13.5.1
hello everyone, i am experiencing longer resprings on my phone ios 13.5 unc0ver, iphone 11 pro max, any idea
i just jailbreaked my ipod for the first time can someone dm me cos i need help lol idk how to use anything
ight be wanting to jailbreak for a while i got ios 14.0 on a iphone 7 and have a pc do i use checkra1n unc0ver signing all that any help?
wait you can save blobs on non jb devices? i remember saving some on my iphone 7 that are now useless technically
unfortunately that's a no-go cause this is a school ipad that will become mine when i graduate but i just can't jailbreak it while i'm on the contract
mean i can probably buy an ipad mini 1 cellular cheap on ebay or something and maybe downgrade it to ios 8.4.1 and try etasonjb
ay so i haven't had a jailbroken phone in years (i think my last one was the iphone 3g i jailbroke on ios 6 like 8 years ago). has anything really changed? obv the exploits are different but is cydia still a thing n everything. how do i install tweaks? i'm gonna jb my 13.7 xr whenever someone releases an exploit for it
hey guys. sorry if this question has been asked a million times in the past, but i have an iphone 11 with ios 13.6.1. is there a jailbreak available or should i just give in and update? thanks in advance.
there is no information that suggests an a11 ios 14 jb with sep will be released any time soon, to my knowledge
i can't see my tweaks in settings, i have ios14.2, iphone 7 jailbroken with odyssey and checkra1n, i tried to install preference loader, rocketbootstrap and reboot to re-jailbreak, still can't see them
tried with arch linux, connected iphone 8+ to linux, opened checkrain, not supported yet. skipped bpr, still unsupported
i have an iphone x on 13.7 that i want to reset to factory defaults then jailbreak, how can i do this without updating to 14? can i?
lost my 13.5 jailbreak and couldn't figure out how to jailbreak  so i updated to ios 14.2 and now i'm depressed
is there a jailbreaking software that allows you to move up and down versions on iphone? examples: ios 14, 13.2, 6, 7.1, etc
plzzzz help me  i wanted to jailbreak my iphone 7 on ios 14 but when i have to do the step as in the picture it doesn't work what to do
hi guys i wanted to jailbreak my iphone 7 on ios 14 but when i have to do the step as in the picture it doesn't work what to do
hello, i just jailbreak my iphone 7 ios 14.2 with checkra1n but i don't see any tweaks in my settings, i tried to install preferenceloader and rocketbootstrap but that don't change anything
i do not want you to update off of ios 10, but how do you know that checkra1n will be ported to ios 10?
hi guys i'm looking for a tutorial on how to jailbreak my iphone 7 on ios 14 you will have one to advise me
yeah main reason i want jb is for some tweaked apps like yt++ and jit in emulators, which 14.2 enables for dolphin at least
im on ios 12.4.8 and a unc0ver user how would i be able to avoid updating to ios 12.4.9 when i lose my jb?
yo guys i am kinda new to jailbreaking and i was wondering if it is possible to jailbreak iphone 7 on ios 14.1?
unless you absolutely care about jailbreaking just stay on 14.2 and wait till they can find a solution to the sep mitigation for a11 devices
so i got a iphone 12, if i update to 14.3 for proraw from 14.1 anyone know how thats going to affect me in terms of jailbreaking down the line?
haven't really seen it in a while, but does anyone know what's going on with the iphone case with checkra1n built in, so you can jailbreak your device on the go?
i know this server is meant to be about jailbreaking ios devices but does someone know how to root android 6 if so dm me
guys im new to this whole thing and ai understand the jailbreaking element but i dont know how to downgrade my ios
i know, but on the ios 14 compatibility sheet it does. even null teased it on his phone way before ios 14 jb was released
hi so i want to jailbreak my ios 14 iphone xr but i have no computer to do it, is there a way i can do it with no computer?
anyone know how to jailbreak ios 13.3? i've recently been jailbroken before using unc0ver. though my battery ran out and i need to re-jailbreak. app crashes everytime i try to use it. same with altstore
hi i just did a jailbreak with checkra1n on a ios 14.0.1 iphone 6s and there no checkra1n loader can someone help me also there were no errors
hey, i wanted some advice on going about jailbreaking my iphone and somewhere i could read up on it?
i'm sure this is asked a lot, but is there an eta on a jailbreak for ipados 14 for a pro 2018 model?
hey guys, i am jailbroken on my 8+ on v13.5, i saw something recently with updating to ios 14 on the subreddit. is there some new sort of new exploit? what should i do?
i heard that a11 devices will lost sep when i jailbreak with checkra1n on ios 14 in last release. any difference?
could somebody please help me? i am currently using electra jailbreak for ios 11. my ipad died, so it unjailbroke, but now when i click on the electra app, it goes black and crashes. anybody know a fix?
i jailbroke my iphone with patched checkra1n, and now i my cctv app says my phone was ilegal cracked and i can't start the app. it's there anyway to delete the jailbreak without restoring?
any real news if unc0ver could jailbreak ios 12.4.9? (apart from the fact it has to add 12.4.9 to the compatibility list) like, do the exploits still work?
my device is ipad air 2, and i have a windows 10 machine. im trying to jailbreak my ios 14.1 device with checkn1x flashed to my pendrive. but everytime i try to do it, some errors occur. mainly usbmux. so, can i get any help with that please?
i'm totally sure he can get sep on a11 jb ios 14 when other people who have major experience in this field can't
hey, can someone help point me in the right direction to a jailbreak version that works on ios 14.0?
noob question ... can i save blobs for ios 14.1 on iphone 11 in the case a jb is released for 14.1 after signing window closes ? currently jb on 13.3 with unc0ver
quick question, im on a11 ios 14.1 rn, if i jailbreak and loose security features then later an update rolls out which has a workaround to this issue, i can use the new version without any issues right?
my tweaks do not show up in settings. i have installed the rocketbootstrap from that repo and it is still broken. iphone 7 14.2 checkra1n
i kind of have a issue with my cydia. im using checkra1n for ios 14. and when i install cydia and open it upp it works all fine, but as soon as i apply the required updates for cydia the next time i start it up it doesnt show any text or any other visual elements. i could find a solution anywhere, ive tried both restoring system and reinstall cydia nothing works.
how was the baseband made incompatible? was it just the specific modifications made in 14 required for blocking checkrain?
i'm fairly certain the checkra1n app doesn't show up because on ios 14 you have to run uicache and respring
i don't think this has anything to do w jailbreak but do you guys think apple can replace the c and c++ code that ios is written on
anything i should know before jailbreaking an iphone 7+ on ios 14.2? i have jailbroken in the past but with uncover on ios 13 so this is my first time using checkrain..
there are multiple exploits that could lead to a jailbreak on 14.1, but none of them have gone public
it does, but the issue is that it has measures that may prevent a semi-untethered jailbreak from coming nearly as fast as 14.1 could potentially have it
that's how there's effectivly untethered jailbreaks on nintendo switch, but i'm not sure if iphones work the same way.
but uh so i no longer have a control center after using checkra1n on ios 14.2 iphone 8 lol any clue why
hey all, im getting back into jailbreaking and i'm sorry if this is a stupid question, but is there currently a jailbreak for ios 12?
you also can't on 13.5.1, but the version list thing for 13.5.1 on a12 does say "upcoming" where as 14.1 says "no jb"
how can i boot my iphone 7 running the ios 14 patch jailbreak into safe mode via a windows pc or my phone
im new to jailbreaking but i have been waiting for checkra1n to support a10 to jailbreak my iphone 7. does checra1n work on any linux distro or is there one i should use over the others? i have kubuntu installed on my pc should i just use that?
quick question; why does tss saver shsh2 blobs checker say "" for generator (i mean it is blank). i dont understand much about that, but i set it to 0x111111... (16 * 1) in unc0ver and jailbroke and also typed in my apnonce. i have a noapnonce blob too, for it it shows the generator as 0x1111.... but for the one with nonce, it doesnt. like i said, i dont understand much about that, so yeah.
question, can the sep be re-enabled after finishing installing the new jailbreak for iphone 8 and x or can you never have it on if you want to keep the jailbreak?
hello, can anyone help me i am on iphone x ios 14.0.1 and trying checkra1n but it says booting and stucks. what should i do?
how can i unjailbreak my iphone 7 on ios 14 i used the patch and want to unjailbreak for the official
hi! has anyone tried checkra1n 0.12.0 beta on an ipad pro 2nd gen? my progress bar is getting stuck.
i want to jailbreak my ios 12.4.8 ipod touch with checkra1n on android can someone recommend a guide to do it
i want to jailbreak my ios 12.4.8 ipod touch with checkra1n on android can someone recommend a guide to do it
is odysseyra1n or plain checkra1n better if i'm not going to use any tweaks at all - all i need is the access to the root filesystem of my ipad
so what's the best advice you guys are giving for ios 14.1. i'm on 13.5 with jailbreak, should i update to 14.1 or just save 14.1 blobs and wait til jailbreak is released
i saw on the jailbreak subreddit earlier today that someone in a discord server (idk if it was this one or not) had said something about saving blobs for 14.1 or staying on that version, and then said "thank me later" does anyone know anything more about that subject? or is it being kept secret for now? (i did save blobs for 14.1 though, as i am on 13.6.1 and tsssaver saved 14.1 blobs, so i'm good for whatever is coming)
hey so im trying to install jailbreak with unc0ver 5.3.1 on my iphone 6 ios 12.4.7 and it keeps giving me an error. how do i fix this?
that being said if your iphone 6 is actually working you can use checkra1n or if you're on 12.4.8 or lower unc0ver
just noticed that there's like 2 zero-days patched in an ios update which apple says allow an application to execute stuff with kernel priveleges and find memory locations, so i'm not gonna update because those 2 things mean an a13 jailbreak could be coming for the version im on
the iphone 7 will literally become the best possible device to have when checkra1n 0.11.1 drops, it can be jailbroken on the newest ios version and run android
if i want to unjailbreak and update to ios 14.1 so i can sit tight there. do i rootfs first on my iphone then restore iphone on mac to completely wipe out jailbreak?
just successfully backed up blobs on 13.3. so this means that if a jailbreak for 14.1 releases, and 14.1 is still signed, i can futurerestore to ios 14.1?
hey guys, i've read that message on reddit about upgrading to 14.1 for an upcoming jailbreak, but i'm on 13.6 and am curious about the battery life on iso14, all i've heard is that it's terrific, you can agree ?
so that when a 14.1 jailbreak comes out i can down load the 14.1 from ipsw and restore to 14.1 then jailbreak
because you somehow think that the slightest bit of news instantly means a13 jb on latest ios, which is false
how do i avoid jailbreak detection? i've heard of problems with that. i'm using unc0ver, iphone 5s, 12.4.8.
well, i installed ios 14.1 but i still can't jailbreak ... will you have a solution?  or maybe i'm doing the wrong handling, i don't know ...
my device iphone se 2016 ios 14.1 . i just try etcher and checkn1x usb . it work. after checkra1n say all done and my phone turn on . now the problem checkra1n loader not showing up . im so confuse at all. i try 2,3times just repeat step and same problem checkra1n loader not showing in home screen. btw jailbreak running as well. all done. now the loader not showing up
i d thought of something. has anyone taken jb theme icon images then took the time to assign them to ios 14 ones manually
anyone think theres gonna be a ios 14 update to any jb soon? updated without thinking so now am stuckj with normal
bros; i have a iphone x runnign 13.4.1 that i jailbroke with odysseyr1in... somehow it restarted so lost jailbreak.  what to do now to get my tweaks back?
jailbreaking is cool and all but when the time comes, my iphone is gonna be outdated while i can easily update my pixel 4a to the latest version even if its out of support
got an update alert for 14.1 on my x 13.7 checkra1n for the first time. any way to make sure this update never installs?
hi guys here's my home button no longer working and i'd like to put on my iphone 7 the iphone x style unlock without jailbreak is it possible?
i jailbreak my iphone 12.4.8 to bypass activation anyway, my question is can i restore from a backup using itunes without losing my jailbreak? because if i lost it i can't enter the phone anymore until i jailbreak again.
hey so i got an old ipad (4th gen) under ios 9.1 and i would like to know how i can jailbreak it easilly
14.1 can be jailbroken with checkra1n if on a9 (or a10-a11 with the unofficial sep patch that's not recommended), and there's a lpe exploit that will mean an a12+ semi-untethered jb will be released eventually (like unc0ver)
i've got a 6s on 10.2 and need to update. i think you can use checkra1n on 14.1 on an a9 but wanted to know if i could restore an old version instead
somehow, no idea why its just now starting it though. any way to manually enter that cydia substrate safe mode if on ios 13 checkrai.in jailbroken?
so, i bought my first apple device, an ipad pro 11". it will be arriving in two days. anyway, i've been rooting and using custom roms on android and i wonder, should i upgrade at once to 14.1 then wait for a jailbreak? or should i stay on 13.5 and explore the jailbroken system?
im not installing the patch for check on my x because thats the only phone i have that isnt supported by checkra1n on ios 14 yet
guys i need help i am iphone x and i was jailbroken on 13.7 but my ios randomly updated to 14.0.1 now i dont see my app to restore system but i am still jailbroken because it says on some apps. any help so i can unjailbreak?
hey can someone explain how an online jailbreak is injected?? in older ios versions. full process pls
i need to get checkra1n on my iphone se but idk how to work that shit and i have windows so a bit harder
answer me there is anyway to jb my a10 ipad 10.2  (14.0) in near 5 months there is none way? plss never
jailbreak youtubers after recommending a shady piracy service so their broke 14 year old viewerbase can listen to spotify
is the safe mode unchecked by default?? i did not change any settings while jailbreaking (just the allow untested ios thing)
last question -- i downloaded the signed ipsw for 14.0.1  for my 6s. in your opinion, should i upgrade it or keep it on ios 11.1 with the electra jb. like, am i getting anyhting from keeping it on ios 11 that i wouldn't get form the upgrade?
hi everyone -- quick question. i have a 6s running ios 11.1 with an electra jb. is it possible to update it to ios 12? how do i go about that?
i remember when i first came in here i asked how to jb my ipad mini on ios 9 and someone told me to downgrade it to ios 8
i'd wait 2 weeks if that was the only way but if i wait too long i could miss my opportunity for ios 14 jb forever
is it safe to assume that if a jailbreak for a12 on ios 14 gets released there will be an announcement?
the exploits were supposedly patched in 3.2.2 and 4.0.2, but comex stated that the one of the exploits used for the jailbreak existed until ios 4.3 as apple did not patch the bug correctly. it was properly patched on 4.3.1 in order to prevent the jailbreak of the ipad 2. it's still possible the site could be repurposed to jailbreak devices up to 4.3, but this has not yet been done.
hey guys i got an iphone xs a few months ago and its on ios 13.6. im new to the whole jailbreaking thing, does someone know around how long until they come up with the jailbreak? ~estimated ofc
i have a question, if i wanted to switch from iphone 7 software version 13.6.1 to iphone se, im supposed to back up my data onto itunes using mac and restore it on the iphone se, then my jailbreak and stuff will go onto the se right?
is there any way i can jailbreak my iphone 8 plus so that the jailbreak wont break if my phone restarts?
and what will not be supported i saw like there was a hard limit to what checkra1n could support on ios 14
the petty drama i saw started with luca todesco i was appauled by his behavior on twitter it truley was so upsetting and how unstable that jailbreak for ios 10 was horrible that it was even released... coolstar and pwn should be working together not this petty shit
hey yall sorry if this is not the right place but i need help picking a jailbreak method. i understand which ones work on my hardware and such i'm just curious what's the best or most logical for what i want to do. i basically just want to turn my old phone into a ipod touch and use it for music. flac playback would be nice. the ability to drag and drop music from my pc is the main feature i'm looking for. if i should shut up just tell me
if i update my phone to ios 14 can i still jailbreak my phone after the update? i have alt server installed and unc0ver signed
hello everyone, i need advice with jailbreaking. recently my ipad 3's usb descriptor chip died, so there's no way i can jailbreak through pc anymore (at least i think that). i tried to download phoenix through safari, but i get the error message, telling me to try again later, no matter where i download it. i tried changing proxy (ffapple) and many other methods but that doesn't seem to work. any help is appreciated.
unc0ver is undoubted perhaps the best kernel exploit ever developed and released to the public since pangu in ios 9
hey all! i'm new to jailbreaking, in fact wondering how to jailbreak an iphone 3gs with ios 6.1.6. where should i ask that, and how do i do it?
can someone who is jb pls look up creator of athena so i can go on their twitter and see if they do ios14 icons
hey guys couple questions any chance jailbreake for ios 14 iphone x is coming out and is there a location spoofer for non jail broken phone to change location for find my app
so if this guy rootfs his iphone 6 and makes a migration of data to his iphone 12 any jailbreak files will appear on his new iphone 12?
can i jailbreak ios 14.0.1 using checkrain on a iphone se (first gen)? i don't find this info on the main website
plus 14.2 can't permanently patch checkra1n anyway, they already broke bootrom and seprom, it's just a little annoyance for the devs to fix
hi guys i would like to have filza for free but i don't have the jailbreak on my iphone on ios 14 how can i do this?
where it says the 14.1 working on all phones in the screenshot ive been told here that no xr jailbreak is out yet
got a question. if the checkm8 exploit is a bootrom exploit why is there no untethered jailbreak for the iphones that support it ?
does any type of mac work with unc0ver? so if i bought a mac mini from ebay from 2012 would it be able to jailbreak a device on ios 14?
i believe thats an issue with the latest version. if it continues to fail, you could always switch back to unc0ver but sideload it with xcode and ios app signer
i have an ipad air 2 (a8x) with ios 13.3.1 and my battery died and i made the big mistake and uninstalled unc0ver. while i was trying to install altstore i ran in to the problem that i can't verify the app is this something somebody can help me with? just dm me!
hey, im currently jailbroken on ios 12.4 with unc0ver, i have blobs saved for all ios 14 versions, id like to go to the latest jailbreakable ios version and jailbreak with checkra1n this time( iphone 7 plus) is there any full guide for that ? thanks in advance!
so i got my ipad i think its like second or third gen how would i jailbreak it and should i update it?
has anyone tried to update while jailbroken to try to still be jailbroken while being on a ios that doesnt have a jb because i wouldnt expect less from the wonderful jb community
does anyone know a untethered jailbreak for ios 5.1.1? i have a ipad one and i wanna permanently jailbreak it.
got an old iphone 6 + i wanted to use for jailbreaking and wanted to see if i could use it to instal newer apps
hi yall. how is the ios 14 jailbreak? i am thinking of upgrading my 12.4 se to 14.01. how's the general stability and compatibility?
yo ive been doing some research and i can't find an eta for ios 14 jailbreak for a13 if one ever comes out. anyone got an estimate?
yo guys, quick question. i have an iphone 11 on 13.3.1 - is there a way to update to 13.5 so i can keep a jailbreak or would i be forced to update to 14?
i think i saw it somewhere before, is there a jailbreak thing to use carplay standalone on an iphone?
should i stay on 14.0.1 if i want to jailbreak in the future. like will this be the most likely to be jailbroken or does it not matter
im trying to download uncover ipa and it says that my version is iphone 11,2 and its not supported thatr only iphone 10,1 or older is supported or whatever. how do i fix this?
im trying to download uncover ipa and it says that my version is iphone 11,2 and its not supported thatr only iphone 10,1 or older is supported or whatever. how do i fix this?
previously had a working jailbroken iphone 6s ios 11.2 with electra. encountered issues with no audio from car usb so i un-jailbreak using delectra (after uninstalling user installed tweaks). but now i can't seem to re-jailbreak my phone. it can install cydia on the first reboot but it never displayed 'already jailbroken' after a lot of resprings. i can open cydia but can't install tweak because of "control subprocess was killed by signal (abort trap: 6)" error. anyone have ideas on how to make my phone jailbroken again?
previously had a working jailbroken 6s ios 11.2 with electra. encountered issues with no audio from car usb so i un-jailbreak using delectra (after uninstalling user installed tweaks). but now i can't seem to re-jailbreak my phone. it can install cydia on the first reboot but it never displayed 'already jailbroken' after that. can open cydia but can't install tweak because of "control subprocess was killed by signal (abort trap: 6)" error.
any close to jailbreaking ios 14.0.1 - a11? cos they just released ios 14.1 and probably not a good idea to update
remember when there was a competition during like ios 11-12 on who can make their jailbreak the fastest
guys what if i connect my iphone to jb it with bootra1n and for the first time it goes in charge, shows the trust this pc popup (for 1 sec, then it goes away immediately) and if i unplug it and i plug it back in it wont even charge(it just vibrates)?
if i stay on the lowest possible ios 14 update i get more chance of jailbreaking in the future or does it not matter?
i installed unc0ver a while back and i can't update to ios 14... i tried to go in unc0ver options and uncheck disable auto update and check restore root fs but nothing any help?
does anyone have a link to an older version of altstore? the current version requires mojave and im still on high sierra. trying to jb and ipad with ios 9.3.6.
is there any fully untethered jailbreaks for an iphone 5c running ios 10.3.4? and no, that is not a typo. i actually managed to get my 5c running 10.3.4.
i need help, i have a 2nd gen ipad pro at version 13.5.1 and i want to know if there is any jailbreak tools that supports it. i know there is checkra1n but i do not have a mac.
i got an iphone 6 with a broken home button and it sucked cuz for the longest time i couldnt jailbreak it until unc0ver
hi guys. hope everyone is keeping well. just a quick q. i am jailbroken using checkra1n on iphone 5s ios12.4.1. when i try to download an app from the app store (click on get) nothing happens. any idea guys?  would really appreciate the help!
hey guys, i was looking for any guidance of which jailbreak to use in an ipad 6th generation in ios 13.6?
i just got a iphone se 2 and i want to jailbreak it however if my understanding is correct there isnt an option to jailbreak ios 13.7 on it yet is there? so my question is should i update to 14.1 or stay on 13.7? like witch will be more likely to be able to be jailbroken on it first?
it's kinda funny i was reading through the history of jailbraking and it's all these different things up till 2019 the the rest is just "unc0ver released an update for ios x"
is there an untethered jailbreak for an iphone 5c running 10.3.3? i didn't realize h3lix was tethered.
is it possible to jailbreak iphone x on ios 14.0.1 windows? also question about altstore when my certs run out do i always have to log on pc to resign??
is there already an jailbreak for iphone xs ios 14. my steen went broken now the repair shop had update my iphone to latest version
hi all, i wonder if anyone can help. i have an apple watch series 2 and my iphone is on 13.5 with uc0ver jb. is it possible to using the watch on the latest watchos with a jb phone?
hi, i just got an iphone se (2020) and it's on ios 14.0.1. i'm trying to jailbreak it but im not sure how.i used pangu8.com but the options i tried from there said i had to donate to install them. how should i get jailbreak?
so i am on ios 14.1 and my backup  iphone is on jailbroken 13.4, how could i jailbreak my current device?
i am on 13.5 and jailbroken with iphone 11 pro max; i already saved my blobs upto 14.0.1 but i have no clue how to future restore once the jailbreak is released for ios 14. any info is appriciated
maybe i'll just pop up to 14, i have a lot of games that prob won't work jbed and i don't have the patience anymore
idk if i want apple to patch the exploit or stay without jb longer so we can have a jb on a more stable ios...
you can't install debs without jailbreak, unless you emulate a linux environment, in which case it wouldn't be installing ios tweaks anymore
the exploit that will be released eventually is confirmed working on 14.0.1 too so not much reason not to update
ok so if i'm right the person who has an unreleased ios 14 jb wont release it until its patched? tf do i do then? do i update?
is there anyone who could help me jailbreak or fix my ipad, its stuck on the the red itunes logo and whenever i restore or update it spits out error 14 and 27?
hey  guys first off good morning to everyone. hope you are having a good day. was wondering if maybe someone could help me out with my iphone xs max on 13.5 its already jb
yo guys, my ipad is starting to drain battery faster after i jb. does unjailbreaking fix it? how often do yall turn it on and off?
ios 13.3 can install revoked apps via  safari clean and airplane mode you could use uncover or odyssey as well
no matter what there is going to be someone interested in ios security who manages to find a exploit that can be used for jailbreaking
you need to wait till a jailbreak for ios 13.6 gets released then jailbreak with disable updates turned off then restore root fs with it still turned off
can someone please help me jailbreak my iphone 7 ios 13.4.1 ive been trying for the past 2 hours and have made no progress please help
guys, if i jailbreak my ios, can i still like unjailbreak it? and fix the battery draining probelsm etc.?
there will be a semi-untethered jailbreak for all devices on ios 14 eventually, but not anytime soon
if i want to make a full backup of my ipad, do i have to be unjailbroken for that or can i do it rn (checkra1n) while jailbroken?
anyone know how to get the jailbreak fully off my phone? i upgraded to ios 14 and some are still detecting a jailbreak?
hi !  i'm coming to you because i want to change my setup ... i've had this setup for a long time.  do you have any tweaks for me?  and i would like to improve my jailbreak experience, learn how to edit some files on my iphone.  what can you advise me?  sorry if you didn't understand i translated with google translate
i have an ios 13.5 jailbreak and wondered if it's possible for me to install apt programs on it, apt is actually installed but it doesnt find any packages when i try to install them
yeah but if i don't want to search for a specific phrase just all words, i'm not gonna search for shit like `"how" "to" "jailbreak" "ios" "14"`
does ios 14.0.1 or 14.2 beta fix the issue with the keyboard coming up when trying to select messages. this could be a jailbreak thing but i don't have any keyboard tweaks so i doubt it
just trying to make sense of this. 08tc3wbb has an lpe exploit for ios 13.6-7 and zecops also found it. then there is c0ntextomy which is an rce exploit based on cve-2020-9992 that is somehow related to 08tc3wbb's exploit?
anyone can recommend a good youtube tweaks so i can play it in the background (ios 13.6 with checkra1n)
most tweaks work with any jailbreak, but checkra1n ~~(or even better, odysseyra1n)~~ is recommended for iphone 6
hi yall, im planning on getting a new phone this christmas. are there any devices that we know will support an ios 14 jailbreak?
can't wait for checkra1n on a10 ios 14, i might finally get back into hacking after being obsessed with 3ds homebrew and devkitpro
well, on ipad even on ios 14 you can't move the widgets out of the today view on the left iirc - without jailbreak at least
you can even update that ipad to 14.0.1 if you want and still jailbreak, although i recommend staying on 13.7 for now because many tweaks are not updated yet and broken on 14
hey can someone help me update to ios 14? but when i go to update it says unable to check for update and i have jailbreak
hey can someone help me update to ios 14? but when i go to update it says unable to check for update and i have jailbreak
while it seems impossible i almost had checkra1n working on a iphone 8 14.0 ios . fails when it gets to uploading the bootstrap... i spoke with someone who said they were able to get ssh though... this is all on a icloud locked device too.
hi guys, im currently jailbreaking my iphone 6s and just wanted to know how long it usually takes for the "setting up exploit" and "right before trigger" parts
if i restore my iphone through my mac will it delete any traces of jailbreak and give me back a vanilla ios? do i need to put my phone into dfu mode?
i need help, after trying to jailbreak with uncover im in a bootloop, when i dont load tweaks its fine, i've deleted all the  tweaks from the last 2 days. it started when i opened spotify to listen to music. i'm on ios 13.1 iphone 7 and i can restart my phone but cannot load the  jailbreak.
hey i am trying to jailbreak ios 14 on ubuntu and its successful but the app never shows up. does anyone know a solution?
can anyone help me out in dm's? for hours ive been trying to restore my iphone to unjailbreak and nothing is working properly. could anyone help me out? its been so long i would love u forever.
soooo i know that its been out for like a week xd but has anyone found any vulnabilites for a jb on ios 14 yet? i haven't been checking the news
i am trying to jailbreak my iphone xs max with unc0ver and i have searched all of youtube for a downgrade tutorial to downgrade to that is on a12. when i try to download the blob, it comes up with missing nonce. does anyone know where i can set the nonce or how i can set the nonce? i also have never jail broken on this device before, if that helps. please help!!??
did ios 14 break any common jailbreak tool? like altstore signing service, or anything important like that?
so any news on that exploit found yesterday that was tweeted and said it would be made public when patched? is it patched in ios 14.0.1?
i've got a question, i have an iphone 8, so of course it isn't supported by checkra1n yet, but i want to know if it's worth upgrading to ios 14 anyway. basically, will checkra1n eventually support a10 and newer? **(to clarify, i'm not asking for an eta. all i'm asking is can we expect a jb for a10 ios 14 at all)**
on a related note, how come terminal works fine on my iphone with checkra1n but says connection refused when sshing to it from a linux?
so... is it not possible to jailbreak on ios 12, install altstore, then update to ios 14 (keeping altstore, less worried about keeping jailbreak as long as altstore keeps its permissions)?
all of my jailbreak tweaks don't show up in settings, i'm running ios 14 though, is that the cause for that?
does anybody know how i should go about reenabling ota updates for my iphone? i'm on 13.5.1 so i can't jailbreak with unc0ver, but i also can't update to ios 14 even after doing a factory reset
i dont want to because im gonna miss a lot of tweaks... but someone told me i need to upgrade if i want a 14 jb when it comes out
i am having issue on ipados 14.0 with my ipad 5 with checkra1n 0.11.0. on ubuntu and other linux, it shows error -79 and on mac, it shows error -20. i tried safe mode and untested firmware options. can anybody help me? is anyone else having same issue??
ummm..... how do i hack my iphone jailbreak get cydia install my friends brother showed me but it didn't wrork
hey after rebooting my iphone im unable to open altstore or unc0ver. they only open for half a second then close. any idea why?
if my device and ios version do not support jailbreak, is it possible to downgrade to an ios that supports jailbreak? i'm using ipad pro 2nd generation (11 inch) on ios 13.5.1, hoping to downgrade to 13.5 or below, or even upgrade to 13.5.5 beta since it supports jailbreak. i checked the downgrading post, and i got confused with all the methods out there and which one to use, but i tried looking at future something and it seems like it require jailbreak to downgrade...
i have ios 13.3, whats the latest thing i can update to, to jailbreak. or should i stay 13.3 and jailbreak
so if anyone were to guess what would be the release time of the ios 14 jailbreak for unc0ver on a12 devices? sorry if its an annoying or common question
what are the best a13 jailbreak tweaks? if anyone has any pls dm is like to have more themes or tweaks for my iphone 11 to look cool
i wonder if checkra1n not supporting a11 on ios 14 yet will help encourage devs to support older ios for their tweaks
can i replace "substitute" package with "substrate"? i'm using unc0ver on ios 12.4. i think it came with "substitute" but the package won't update now
if i want to upgrade to ios 14 to use checkra1n on my 6s and i'm using odyssey rn do i just restore rootfs and update or should i use an itunes resore
so i've got a problem - i restored my iphone to factory settings thinking that cydia will be deleted but its still on my phone as well as altstore, winterboard, and filez. and when i try to update to ios 14, a warning says "error occurred while updating to ios 14". i can't get unc0ver from the altstore, and i can't factory reset without cydia still being on my phone. anyone have any suggestions, some help would greatly be appreciated
if i'm on iphone x 13.3, is it best for me to stay here ? or has an iphone ios 14 jb been released? haven't followed jb scene since i jailbroken.
hello, i have an a12 ipad with ios 13.7 currently installed, is it possible to downgrade to ios 13.5 so i can use unc0ver?
hi, i'm using bootra1n on ios 13.5 and all went fine and i'm jailbroken, but there's no checkra1n app or anything. what do i do about this?
can someone tldr as someone with an iphone x whos not very keep on the scene give me a rundown on whether or not a jailbreak is likely for my device. it seems like the hot topic on the subreddit and i understand that it's possibility but is there a major limitation?
because now that we have a jailbreak on 14 the tweak devs can start working on getting tweaks working on ios 14
seriously is it safe to assume the newer gens of the ipad pros arent getting a jailbreak any time soon?
is there anything i need to do before updating to ios 14? i'm using checkra1n currently, and im going to do a rootfs restore but i just want to make sure i dont have to fiddle with anything else
am i the only one who'd totally buy an iphone with flawed security if that meant that you could always jailbreak?
you ever go on twitter and see all those people with "omg look i made all my ios icons into a bts" then you think about how the jailbreak community has themes since like iphoneos 1
fuck it, i want to jailbreak the family ipad but i know my 6yo brother would probably fuck with the cydia trying to find fortnite boob
you can still go back to 13.7 and wait there for now, might be a good idea if you really want a jailbreak asap, though 14.0 is mostly a better experience unjailbroken imo
hey does anyone know how to fix the uncovered jailbreak when the uncover keeps crashing when i open it i am on ios 13.3 can someone please help me
hey does anyone know how to fix the uncovered jailbreak when the uncover keeps crashing when i open it i am on ios 13.3
just switched from android to ios and im not sure why there are so many jailbreaks. i always assumed jailbreak was something akin to rooting your android device and it doesnt matter which method you use
alright ill do this tommorw when im at my computer also can i switch from checkrain to uncover on my ios 12.4 phone
is there even gonna be a use for jailbreak in ios 14? apple added a lot of the good jailbreak features in ios 14...
guys, i jailbroke my device but i want ios 14, if i unjailbreak it can't find any update. im on 13.3
yo guys quick question, i jailbreaked like two weeks ago with unc0ver xs 13.5, then i restarted and never rejailbroke, if i wana update to ios 14 now do i need to reinstall altstore and unc0ver and rootfs and then update or can i just update dry with no issues?
also, i'm currently on ios 13.5.1 so i'm not able to use unc0ver to jailbreak my phone, but don't want to update to ios 14 because there is no unc0ver jailbreak available for that yet. anybody know how i can update to ios 13.5.5 only?
so i have been interested in jailbreakimg my phone but i have not had permission until today. i am in ios 14 beta but i can jailbreak now
i don't think you would be any more at danger from a browser exploit than if you were using stock ios though
hi guys im using checkr4in im updating to ios 14 (i know we dont have jb yet) , do i need to unjailbreak before updateing?
heyo question, if i wanna update to ios 14 but im jailbroken is there anything i need to do before updating? i know ill lose the jailbreak but i barely use it anyways so might aswell just update right?
i have an iphone 11 with ios 14.0, but i can restore it to 13.7 how do i downgrade to 13.5 to jailbreak my iphone?
pangu have said they will never release a publish consumer jailbreak no? their entire business model has changed. during the ios 8 & 9 days they released jailbreaks to gain credibility, which they now have. now they make the big bucks
i'm trying to decide if it's worth upgrading to ios 14 yet. i have blobs saved for ios 13.6.1 (not entirely sure how to use them yet but i can figure it out lol) and i'm on odysseyra1n right now. while i like my jb i'm honestly really wanting to check out ios 14, but i don't know if it's worth it, or if i should wait awhile for them to release a few patches at the least before upgrading
can i make my iphone device recognize a ble controller (bluetooth low energy) as a mfi controller(made for iphone) by jailbreaking
hey guys im completely new to jailbreaking and i wanted to know if there is any way to jailbreak an iphone 11 with ios 13.5.1. i would appreciate some help.
hey, just to know, is there anything that i could no longer do on my iphone with a jailbreak ? (banking app, apple pay, etc...?)
hey, i'm not getting any ota updates because my uncover app is not signed anymore and it crashes when i try to open it. can i just connect my 11 pro max to itunes and start the update to ios 14 or do i need to jb and restore rootfs and do it that way?
anyone unable to update to 14.0 from 13.5, even after restoring rootfs and all uninstalling all tweaks on unc0ver?
question. i used to keep up with jailbreaking but not like i used to be. i have an iphone x on 11.3.1 and use electra to jailbreak. can i upgrade and jailbreak immediately? i read awhile back there was a hardware issue and that they would never be able to prevent it from being jailbroken. if i upgrade now what tool do i use?
quick dumb question. ipad pro 13.5 is there a preferred jailbreak? like is unc0ver better or odyssey?
how do install an app ipa without jailbreak? it was deleted off appstore but i have an ipa for it and i am gonna get ios 14
i dont care about jailbreak really anymore since ios 14 had all the features i wanted so im switching. yall switchin or nah?
can someone help me fix the apple update server? i restored rootfs with both odyssey and unc0ver, and even made a backup and reset my device! how do i regain access to apple update server from my iphone?
etcher is done flashing to my usb drive. now i'm going to install checkra1n on my ipad to see how it goes
since ios 14 is getting released in the coming days, is it safe to assume jailbreak on other ios 13 versions will be picked up as apple wont be realeasing any updates to patch exploits?
once checkra1n for ios 14 comes out, personally i wouldn't update yet until odysseyra1n is updated for ios14 too
hey, is it possible to jailbreak a iphone 8 with ios 14 beta 8? and is it any good? or is it having problems?
if i update to ios 14 beta gm and let's say that a jailbreak gets released, i will still be able to jailbreak since it is the same os as public release, right?
so basically i save blobs and when im on ios 14 and lets say checkra1n works on it. i can downgrade before 14?
how do apple watches work with a jailbroken iphone? i don't care about jailbreaking the apple watch at least not rn, but does it work just as well with my phone or does it have jailbreak detection n things?
hi there everyone! i am currently on 13.5.1 (no jb) and i've read that there is potentially zero chance to get jb on this version. should i update to 13.7 now, when we got a hint of possible jb there? my reason for this question is: is it always possible to upgrade on any version, or am i going to be forced to upgrade directly to ios 14, when it becomes available officially?
hey guys! i'm going to be taking my iphone to repair in a few days, can anyone direct me to the best way to hide an unc0ver jailbreak? lol
hey guys, i'm currently trying to install uncover on my iphone, but in altstore when i add the uncover ipa file, it just keeps loading after i enter my apple id. is there something i can do about that?
hello, someone can help me, i have a iphone 7 plus 13.5... after the jb the touch strt to fail, if i erase all jb works fine... any idea?
